You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the more read in America .
And I always tell people I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can use a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that fell down somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the very complicated kind of circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s , in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio , where I was the rare class of class .
When he was beating until bleeding in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life when I could go into the teachers ' room .
It would make it secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned by adults , we never get to know us .
You could go to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I 've got pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we wept , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found him a place , <unk> , and take care of it and take care of his family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know him as an adult came to me , she became a box of ash and put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about became present itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this today .
It also needs to -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
You get them around around you <unk> water about 60 feet , and I could n't more than think that it was a snowflake about another <unk> of snow after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers , or they break the barriers of ice .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others can not stand it more and become a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , to see an iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg is melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As you melt a eardrum , you unlock fresh fresh water from minerals that feed many forms of life .
I kind of come close to photograph these <unk> as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , they exist in that way , and they wo n't exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt down , it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Some of the ice 's ice I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from an iceberg that photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually be able to witness a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters away .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is an Greenland iceberg , average size .
It 's <unk> of water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And just just , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So two couples with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage I want you to imagine that in one case , the sperm chromosome ties together to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome from sperm goes together to the X chromosome from the egg .
Both turn and starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my floor , I do n't know two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people started talking -- -- -- -- -- of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've thought the body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about the body .
The other role in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , as I say sometimes , impatient for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with fraternal twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people are much lower than average .
And I 've worked with a lot of cases of <unk> sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit in male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces many forms .
I 'm going to give you a few examples in ways of having sex that do n't exist in male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual <unk> <unk> , whose gene <unk> gene says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , that they become gonads .
And then , in fetal life , testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops by building a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And so often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something that something is happening .
After doing her exams , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called the <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman , I do n't know his structure <unk> ; I think being a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to the <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to the <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with the testes , and the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; he had girlfriend , and sexual relations with her , he had a life as a kid , and he had just discovered that he had a ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of an illness known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and the uterus were so active that , in essence , they created a hormone hormone environment .
As a consequence , the genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born as a child ; nobody had any suspicion .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by menstruation menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's called <unk> , which is , they have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they 're <unk> , twins <unk> , or <unk> are <unk> <unk> surgeries that are not so much fun to have better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go through several surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that particular anatomy brings to a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , black will mean to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body , it shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individualism .
Our nation is based on very romantic income .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born like two people within one body .
The highest case is last year with the <unk> South <unk> runner , and he got <unk> in the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What are you going to do to determine if <unk> <unk> is male or female ? ''
And I had to tell the journalists who do n't have such a test .
In fact , we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or women and <unk> and women and <unk> , and we are who we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we get to science , the more we have to admit that these categories were stable robotic categories that came directly with stable <unk> categories -- they 're much more nuanced than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology enables .
As we see , we go on a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What do you know about the <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved into science , we get more and more in an awkward zone where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but it 's inside the <unk> of where somebody considers died .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this issue of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of him were going to put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved it still , he was n't going to do it .
If I stopped moving it up .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put it into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of what someone 's death really is , and it puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe think that this categories could be celebrating somebody like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , asking people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets me nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we thought we were .
It 's going to come from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , which I find myself every bit of seeing that musical <unk> , `` 1776 , '' and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's what happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Founding Fathers were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they would be rejected was an anatomic concept , and we would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful , and it kept for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what we would have had our Founding Fathers was the idea of monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The old world monarchs did n't know about DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power came to the right of the blood being passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
And I understood that idea , and they were rejected by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They went to the field of game and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not differences in differences , and that was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time you were born science .
And it 's very clear that if you look at the story of the Founding Founding , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and therefore caused the concept of power supernatural being passed from a vague straight idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if you look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And it was passing up the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid out the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then it came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , saying , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the ranks of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And again , people who are going to match the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions anatomical in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> by anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old were allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some critically important differences that for me , and I think we should keep it .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before the time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : was born on top 1 , 1980 .
By the fact , having been born three months before Mary attribute all the rights to three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because I have a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We find other oddities in relation to their rights .
And Henry , in virtue of being considered man , if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , in virtue of being a man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in every state , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So still persist categories that are in various ways , and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science walked so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I feel like science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a pragmatic stance : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people get stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain point has decided to marry a man , you do n't have to have any chromosome to marry a woman , you have to get chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams in practice .
But this is also very strange given the story I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I '' `` I Have `` I '' `` I `` I '' `` I Have to team '' speech offers a solution .
He says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin , but the content of their character , going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do people judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure I 'm not sure that we should be able to get them into the rights of this for <unk> rights to people , because I admit that I know about some <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more informed , smart , mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people who know .
So how do we put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important America to keep driving this current of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian one where a man who is attracted to for other men is sensitive to being killed , unless he 's willing to have sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made birth twins , and then they pick up their fame .
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he said , that another country , these kids would be very abused and therefore had to do it .
I said , `` Well , he 's considered political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are who they are not paying to change the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be in the head .
Well , to conclude , I want to say I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had given greater participation to Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different differences , in particular if there are people thinking about groups .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating sexual difference .
And one of the things I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to worry about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisors , I knew I was interested in feminism , I thought I thought I was considered a <unk> , like <unk> made me a weird issue .
`` Tell me what of feminism the feminism of feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most silly question I 've ever heard .
Feminism is to do with rid of the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing done in feminism . ''
But the more I 've ever thought about your question , the more it has seemed to me , there 's a little female of feminism in this question .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , while the Parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people over the state , it 's possible that , to have provided more Mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched them from the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So while we 're trying to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family will think where they want to go live and work , have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city they 're willing to know .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth much more than their construction cost .
So we could easily break it into the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just were looking at buildings of apartments .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already , they were already owners and the other half is not allowed to do it .
You could try to increase the capacity to make <unk> into all the buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have no norms to avoid discomfort , and the distractions of the construction .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to an entirely new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , they would promote the construction rather than putting guns .
So I proposed that governments will develop new enough reform zones to contain cities and give them a name : New cities under charter cities .
Later I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would go to the United States to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 Honduras happened by a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> scientists were imposed on a platform in which silver reforms and the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to be her Chief of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of a lot of users with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under <unk> to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , such as those rules that say they ca n't go and bother every current of apartments .
I 'm going to get a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies to make progress , and usually they 're the rules that keep us going on .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala gave him a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to you .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's write this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room in a hotel .
I tried to explain to you about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York . Notice -- land that , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the Talk TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going to stay there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not to live under those rules .
So President of Honduras were called , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path to our country advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk about four and five in January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included a picture like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
The whole <unk> world .
The audience faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the talk . ''
I have my computer here . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might be in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because the government 's leaders of Honduras would need the help of countries associated with , they could benefit from countries associated with them that will help them to establish the charter of the charter , so that they could all be confident that the charter is effectively becoming .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly afterwards , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> his Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would be able to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just been going through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was educated to one .
All of the games , all the factions in society , really got it .
In the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17 was approved again in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , 21 to 24 to 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> shifting in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big city center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything that looks there was built in four years , after four years getting permission .
The other country , interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about it , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come , and at the time they would be able to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last court for this new court system .
There are urban planners and builders that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they have solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to get changed to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to go to get a job , and sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What do you seem to think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm a <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , which is that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish on my blog , bold and colorful and different for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is two <unk> markets and secondhand shops .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to go to meet people who are <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; my way it looks unique , and it 's going to become my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
That is my stature ?
I would like color ?
Do it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
So , going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought up seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
They 're all going to be a week . It 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know how the woman walks around TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
While I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost <unk> impossible to be bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
Just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , they wo n't just understand you , they 're also going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remember their little seven years old .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Self-confidence is the key .
If you think you 're looking good at something , it 's almost sure you are .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We have to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , on Saturday : Developing a personal style of his own , unique style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week , just because of what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , I 'm Brooklyn , I 'm going to give it all .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave behind certain things .
I do n't need <unk> to these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful , bright <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of every hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where does your brain look at this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great <unk> in both hemispheres .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most quantum quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We get to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you may have developed over the age of the years is the one that one thing can be in one place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking lot .
It was a small child , and I did n't do it very well , they fell down .
But I bet the game to play with that parking lot taught a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and to stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover they do all kinds of really odd things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , it was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need the needed to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because it 's not very often because of particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit my logic well .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'll zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal <unk> .
What you 're seeing is a little bit of metal , a trampoline form of a springboard and that gather supported on a platform .
And then I did this kind of thing as a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole as a way of swimming <unk> that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up to stop doing those things , because I do n't want them to piss you out , or really , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The classmates of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines and the wind goes on to the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to throw out all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We got the lights up , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it back to a temperature of less than a degree by absolute zero .
Now , being on the elevator in the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting like it .
So we measure their movement .
We discovered that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating . And the way it was like a breath in this way -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contract .
And by giving you a smooth drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and you do n't take it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is a really fantastic thing .
What does it mean to be a <unk> thing and do n't take it at the same time ?
Let 's think of atoms .
In one case , every billion atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's only in certain points when those are string out .
In the rest of time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means all the metal metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was just worth him in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the scale of scale between one atom , and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between metal metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that speaks to .
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you get your consciousness , if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights on and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just <unk> into a small space .
You hear about a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And it was 18 months ago at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my chief who 's here , and that allowed me to do this .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is just simply on this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> from a great education -- I do n't shave , but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art .
So , when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , I 'd better show you the demo , and then I 'm going to explain a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to do it .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I actually go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click and <unk> , and we 're now inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane of the top , and with one click , we jumped into .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hall .
Go ahead . Go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't got the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all about metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see things that are going on .
I love this guy , his expression does n't mean .
But if you really want to go deeper .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` A moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little research , I talked to some people of the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is about hitting a <unk> with a single Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even more deep , and you 'll see that you can actually reach the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to remove the image , so you can actually see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going quickly to jump back to MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the stroke ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen this before .
I 'm going to show you one of my favorite features .
There are many things over here , but I do n't have time to show you .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that does n't matter .
You can create your own museum , create your own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter , I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' we just zoom in here .
It 's <unk> at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think that for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium , it does justice , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think of it as a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm an Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall in his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
You know , some time ago , if you wanted to win a lifetime of Formula 1 , I would take a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you made the race .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years have been covered in networks and electronics .
You 're going into the air computers .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities are big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only about two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
Seventy-five percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and <unk> are entering everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` A To me '' -- talk to me .
Well , our objects , the environment , they start talking .
In a way , it 's like most of the existing atoms were getting sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outer environment .
In some sense , it 's almost like at the old angel 's dream .
You know , when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw it up to Moses -- he still can see a little dent in it , and he said , `` Are you <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer compared to 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day by looking at activity on the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning before I play .
The timeline is on the top .
At the early afternoon , there are people over here and there 's called <unk> , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> -- people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First of all , another additional time .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She wins Italy , yes .
That night everybody was to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the prime .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> , depending on where , from the very Roman , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today , we know all about the side of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they put together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed a little bit of little tags to track the garbage on their shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a tag , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from it .
From Seattle .
after a week .
With this information we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that we did n't exist .
There 's complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't disappear , it 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we <unk> one day is still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about the detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is <unk> over the environment .
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the city mayor , which came to us and told us that Spain and the south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> open and closed .
It creates like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If you fall the pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , images , text .
And as you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go through , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor 's mayor .
He liked a lot .
And we had a commission to design the building to the burial entrance .
We call it the Digital Water Pavilion .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors and windows , but when you 're coming up , you can go through it for you to go .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize <unk> , you get the ceiling down .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be someone , in the winter , when the ceiling goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that you have demolished , but when it comes down almost all of the architecture .
Here it is working .
You see the people who 's going on .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet by testing the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that was going to open to let you happen , but a building that was still making cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Typing noise ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the water pixels , and the projections of them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that 's moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , as we saw before , moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or , in three dimensions , that what changes is the light , not the pixels of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When you turn on light , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people , from the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers of the ballet dancers , the star in New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use it as an entry for <unk> .
Here we can see dancing by dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , you see it in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization , as a movement capture .
It can take all the movement .
You can travel all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people in order to do something and change our environment to be able to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm , like breeding , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could do all of them to get a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spent the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing , the physical world .
In our case , this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do you move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixel .
It 's a physical structure in London , but it 's covered with pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky , like something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital beacon at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could make the memory better -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better way , be stronger , have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive , and safe yourself ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What 's the most you would like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
A few . It 's probably been to the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about the longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something about this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except the light of Evolution . ''
But if they effectively embrace biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most interested in us .
They made a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
Over the interval , there have been perhaps 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in fact , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from the coming out of the pancreas .
And by talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think , when Antonio Damasio asks them to tell you about the bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that they can want without effort on your part .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush rush to the output .
But by the other , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what is going to hold us in the future ?
Are we in sort of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or would we have to become something different , something more adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of <unk> in the universe , life on Earth is just like a brief leg ; the animal kingdom , as one single <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed them .
When I just got to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters cells .
But when things come up with multicellular organisms , things start to change .
It goes into the scene , the sexually reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that 's going on the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , one might say that the inevitability of the body death comes in in the same moment in sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death -- it seemed quite reasonable at the time , but with every year that was happening , it was more doubt .
I got to understand George Burns , which was still performing in Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night somebody hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a gorgeous dancer of clothing .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to search for a sex soup .
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different aim of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to be healthy .
I wanted to get health to the disease .
I wanted it to live more and healthier .
Evolution is going to move the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are <unk> <unk> to send the genetic load to the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that expressed Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily lead to longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the biggest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria , which can be able to survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , large fish in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to make that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if you come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't fix .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning behind this is that through medicine , in the first place , we 've learned to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we set up our environment to fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And , by the way , we migrated in , and we are so scared that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation that evolution happened .
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional , natural kind , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the evolution of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when we have a species of distant planets going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive and intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions that we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First , consider reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what 's elected at the individual and family level .
Just think that if even if it was possible to be able to choose not only sex of your offspring , but in your own body will make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and served 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost near 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot to be made of the human genome for $ 1,000 and getting more and more of the reach of all .
These changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us , but they 're going to induce the immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in course with the HIV vaccine on a tobacco flu cells .
Can you imagine something good out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine , then just other small changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if you could change the cells from their offspring ?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminate the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want children healthier ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is also going to allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings , and if you could get it together with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why not have a twitch of twitch faster than allowed us to run faster and further ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in condition to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have evolved the evolution of before <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it down to 1,000 years and maybe it would happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices for better , more successful , more judged ?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust or more robust ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest of all : we 're going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think about , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to flight .
So he immediately looked at it , and they said , `` No problem . You 've probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot 's pilot got the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
They 're going to get the engines off .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise .
And then he said three words .
The three most <unk> words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and did n't do , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have , I never had .
While I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to miss anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we took the bridge George Washington , that I did n't go through a lot -- I thought about it , Wow , I 'm really sorry .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes have tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter to people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy from my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels wonder .
I 'm no longer trying to be right ; let me be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces , as you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going into a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
A month later , I was on one of my daughter 's performance -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a little bit .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being the world .
In that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was awarded a miracle , not dying that day .
And I gave me another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how do you change ?
What do you do , you still hope to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would their relationships change and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the greatest one that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
And one day he came home after a running house and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry in your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
<unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use the eyes .
Her job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is kind of intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to fund Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and I met her brother and father , and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't it that you 've seen Stephen <unk> , not that all the people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important , and you have a very good one , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Anyone to see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're grounded with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check and instead signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has both in their interior can not communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on that and recorded space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with sex organs , then with bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year after a year , after a lot of organization , and a lot of organization to move on one side we had a couple of things .
One , we touch the doors of insurance companies , and we get a machine to be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing -- I call it <unk> , because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world 's <unk> world to our home .
My wife , children and I , moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and programmers , took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and when we would argue , they would have removed the walls of the walls and then there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went into the sea ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sunshine that we bought in the sea ride in India , some copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we opened it up , we put it on a <unk> light , and now there 's a device that is free , and it 's building itself ; we published the code for the software down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after a year of the planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions , all night , Tony turned to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system .
We ran the bed for that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall from the parking lot from the hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking lot .
The funny thing was we had to take on the parking lot , so we felt like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was telling us , `` This was the first time I was in seven years old .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and someone finally came to me and would pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> website .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us like one of the 50 best inventions , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends of close to the <unk> is that in April of this year in the MOCA <unk> in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art in the <unk> .
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> urban art <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
Nothing that 's in this room was possible -- stage -- the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at a certain moment .
Do it -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I 'm engaging with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in which we 've spent a lot of very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous time .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in war zones -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days to eat this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been engaging in horrible situations in horrible things with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways , which is kind of attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyzing them in a way that would be nuanced and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of the brands and the patronage I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took out a <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk on 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` <unk> his <unk> presents : My TEDTalk on the one that you have no idea what 's about content , especially if I put it on ridicule to you or your company in it .
But said that , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
And yet , with that speaker , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you with certainty .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations over the last few years , but I could n't get done , nothing could be <unk> , for something that 's so hard or as dangerous as I went into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I 'm about <unk> , the marketing and the advertising , and that all film that film is played with <unk> , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is that everything at the top at the bottom , it has a brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , the <unk> Center .
These people were being filmed by filmed in perpetuity .
And so the film explores all this idea : Michael <unk> : it 's redundant . Is it redundant . Is it redundant , forever ?
I 'm an redundant person . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more on emphasis .
It was `` legitimate . '' forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the brand sponsor sponsor in the title , but we 're going to make sure of it all the categories we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most cool car you driven in `` The largest car ever sold , '' the best drink you 've got to drink , courtesy of `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the brands as part of the life , so to do that film ? ( MS : To make the film to the film ) -- MS : And we actually showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film was complete transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love you to help us make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a little perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meet them , but it certainly is going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a bunch of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , for the film or to be me ?
JK : So two things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at people that you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's roll the camera .
MS : I thought , `` Turn the camera off '' meant we have a conversation outside microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to present the product to as many people as possible , making so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media scenario , is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that 's going to lead to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what it represents .
See , when you search for <unk> images in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception ; easily detected or seen ; it 's easily characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the name , the president , even the name of the name .
But suddenly when it comes to making it really changes .
But why ? Well , transparency are afraid -- like that weird bear , which is still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's too risky .
What else is that a risky thing ?
It would be an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's pretty risky .
When I started talking to companies , and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell the story .
We want a story to tell a story , but they 're talking about the story . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is , looking at me as I used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , one agency , wanting to help me -- and that just knew John Bond , and Richard <unk> many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take a buffer to the companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to look at a little bit of a sudden -- -- and I began to give me a little bit about , when you start talking with the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant and others that make small films , independent films , like mine .
And my friends make Hollywood Hollywood films , giant , say the reason why their films have so much successful is due to the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood films ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm standing out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with somebody , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You get a little bit nervous .
I want to help you for you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I offer you one of these wonderful little <unk> .
Both `` Paradise <unk> '' as `` <unk> of Paradise . ''
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in the bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at it .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you actually had , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind people about people is the reason that this is interested to us .
MS : What words would you use to describe the Ki-moon ?
Forest is white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : superior technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category on positive versus `` combat and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep fresh time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times more cool .
Things like that which highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common kind ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , the people like me , the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do they define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : reviving 80 , punk <unk> , unless it 's a laundry utility .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : I guess the kind of gender , the style that I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I 'm going to call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pets .
They 're putting toys toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because you make your commodities .
Man 5 : Brand <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand Tom , but I often lie at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , politics to discover that personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they certainly could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
One : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings to be .
MS : These people fashion my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live -- people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case they start in my family , in West Virginia .
So , what 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next day , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
Now , how do you relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I would like to be .
I like things different .
I like the weird things . I like things weird .
A : Tell me about why , `` Why do '' -- why do you do that ?
What 's the machete machete ? How about what phase is you now ?
Why is I important to reboot ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of Russian coaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness to all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand <unk> -- Morgan Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They got very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think a few companies only would be added in one of their strengths , or in the other rather than focusing on both of them .
A lot of companies tend -- and it 's the wild nature to avoid the things that they 're not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually do it , and you actually do something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here for Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are now playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your mark ?
If someone asks you to get your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
You 're a bottom-up attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more good , a downward attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are like being cool like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , dominant , <unk> or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more of an descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated are sophisticated to <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , a protective provider , `` Oprah ? ''
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , trustworthy , safe , sacred and wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending companies , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we get to tell the story in this movie of how they now use an MRI to identify the desire centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for film .
We went to San Paulo where advertising was banned .
All of the city over the last five years , there are no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting way into schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest response , or the ones that I 've been more successful is those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They took the <unk> to the <unk> , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think of , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released at Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie still did n't get away .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It has n't even been introduced in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has started to win momentum .
And it 's not bad at all the agencies that we 're talking about to give their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you 're risk , if you take risks , that risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get out to the people that are pushing it to failure .
I think when you train your employees at risk aversion , you 're getting their own company to be preparing to be a reward .
I feel like what 's going to happen to progress is that we need to encourage people to take risks .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can do .
Ultimately , going forward , I think we need to bring it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
I 'm afraid of the fear . We risk the risk .
From a <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty , and transparency , all my talk about `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED array organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for magazine to be applied to my own TED assistance .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of <unk> <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that are controlling speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put a cash virus into a laptop computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows Windows .
The <unk> enter the gray box , damaged the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet , six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that I knew is that it 's very , very complex at the part of Windows : the <unk> used multiple <unk> <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these gray systems .
And that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So , very strange things happened .
Stuxnet behaves like a rat rat who did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a game attack .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
No , Stuxnet did n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Well , you 'd better shake the goal soon .
So we pulled out and we took the test code , and we found out that I was structured about two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were very charged with them very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
They were all the points for them to attack .
You probably even know what the operator matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that how you 've heard of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at first was calls out of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and trying to <unk> them with the real world , with the potential of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we can approve of or <unk> .
To get to theories about targets , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's get a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them , and I saw them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge exploding .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
And we tried to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> stands up in that code , you ca n't get it apart .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall has <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the code of attack ?
There 's an almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work .
That 's normally <unk> in dead ends and we had to go back to start .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going to one single goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the roadable and rotors , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other targets to be tested by Stuxnet .
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and the top is seen .
What this thing does is <unk> the values of entry values for example , of pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data are tested by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera is fed by <unk> video .
That 's great huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine goes down , you have to open escape exhaust .
Obviously , this can not make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And you ca n't put them in the security system , and you 'll notice it .
That scares us .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This is a generic attack .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a energy plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , like the attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to <unk> it .
Let 's make it as possible .
And if you did that , what you 're going to argue with is a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the highest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All of the green areas are spaces with great number of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and better than we 're starting to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is n't Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take it and give them <unk> skills , or another to make users of chairs and go up and go back to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different than something you put in the morning , gives you a big force , which is also increasing your speed , and it helps you , for example , manage balance .
This is actually true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign troops .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , it must take on their back , a <unk> load , and it 's pushing us to carry even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> I can carry 90 kilos per variable for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to get a lot of crawling and run with large agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of wheelchairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in the wheelchairs , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide with a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be its only choice .
We also talk about the population of the aging that 's going up very quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- for brain injury or another complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been that for the last 500 years , from the successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who have 19 years ago had an injury for the spinal cord , and as a result could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which was mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
Also here , there are some batteries that give it to the motors on the hip , and on the knees , and they do it with this smooth and very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing across the lowest was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all of it , and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly later , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole me up to the last piece of hope of my being .
The technology of adaptation since then , has allowed me to learn how to <unk> it costs in <unk> , climb rocks and even ride by hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchairs , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much focused on this aspect of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
While chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where death is still not observed yet .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo .
<unk> meat trade and deforestation do n't get a stadium with the bonobos who stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make love , not war , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With him learning to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game game , Bonobo sees the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play it , but I want to show you a couple of unique only taken videos from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo style game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It has a <unk> of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sex play is both common in bonobos as humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting , because it shows you the invention of bringing in unusual elements to the game , like <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , and it can take a lot of ways , some of which are lighter , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water peacefully .
I think , as she , sometimes we 're playing alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real thorny of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more and more difficult world for greater creativity and bigger cooperation .
The secret is the key to these abilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> adaptation .
In order to adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do you get to the most <unk> capability ?
The game is not frivolous .
play is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate game , they can be the moments where it 's the most urgent .
So that 's why , fellow primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we celebrate creativity and friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires as a captain in a <unk> volunteers .
And in our city , where volunteers are complimented a highly qualified staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get the captain to charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at late at night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in her pajamas , as his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go out and save the dog 's dog owner .
The dog ! I was devastated .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people to come into a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to be between the house .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , and I went on to the <unk> fire , and that height , but they had finished off the fire , and went into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for his own house , as it was to wait , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department got a letter from his owner 's owner 's owner would be <unk> by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked for about what else she had had just had a pair of shoes .
So much in my calling on Robin Hood , as in my calling as as a volunteer volunteer , I was witness by acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace acts and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are to achieve some remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to go through it now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but we 're going to be able to influence somebody 's life .
So I go to play ; I 'll get the shoes off .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built on 1868 a very simple idea : to cement cement of a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit in the world .
They 've allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the same time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , gradually came this up .
He called it brick brick .
And in a few years , the lobby bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've made over 400 billion bricks or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite block in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a <unk> world that would lead us from a <unk> world to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows it to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at once .
But there is a single difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are being reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound and motors and sensors .
And the best thing about everything is that they put together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in the wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the pink is the input , and the <unk> is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one with a green one , and very quickly , you can start making bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator back .
If you change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light back .
We would take this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> them allows us to program using very simple gestures .
To make blink faster or slower , just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to be used to bricks to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything should be accessible .
We 've given children to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how do you work a night light , or why the gate of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without experience in electronics start playing with <unk> like a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> by creating ...
( Sound metal ) A few weeks ago , we brought back to the designers of the Rhode Island School , which have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper and said , `` Make something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that has made , an error cannon enabled by movement .
But wait , here comes my favorite project .
It 's a locust made of Play-Doh that is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at reach of all .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the design files and make them all of them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries today .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for to engage the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to carry .
We can continue to do better leave the video .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to look at time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We had a few members every year , and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them up to the Third World , we send them to the wild world .
They made big apps ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is about showing the possibilities of current technology .
You know .
It 's a fire hydrant from Boston .
Here 's how if I would look for a quote , but what really looks for is somebody to wash it up when it 's caught by the snow , because he knows it 's not very good by putting fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February and at that moment it 's still a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members named Erik <unk> noticed something more : that citizens were going to be able to wear shovels in front of them right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a hydrant .
One accepts clean , cleaning them up .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it in .
If you do n't , someone can make it .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
It may be the smallest of the 21 applications , is going last year .
But it does something that no other technology is achieved .
And it stretches on viral form .
A <unk> responsible system in the seeing this application realized that it could use it , not for the snow , but for citizens to get <unk> of the tsunami .
It 's very important to work these <unk> <unk> , but people get over the batteries .
That 's why he asks citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens outlaw violently drains .
And Chicago just turned it out to make people walk down to clean sidewalks when they were born .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without clean , organic and natural way .
If you know a little government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software typically takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we told us that it was done by the normal channels , it would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that the moment has over 2000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an app that 's program in a couple of days , and it 's spreading on viral way , it 's a kind of warning target to the institution of government .
It suggests the best way to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
I also do n't like a technological enterprise , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , no restrictions , in a open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that 's the new generation , not as a problem of an institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out we 're very good for the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only for America for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic apps every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration with that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost in sight .
And that is , if we stop the feelings about politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that put us crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together , because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to get it down , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; government does .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way we can produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought that the government was to choose people for charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the phone care center of service and information .
It 's the place that serving calls if you 're going to think about the United States .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the doors of the house , put music really strong and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston has no call center .
It has an app and web and mobile phone called <unk> <unk> .
They did n't get that app .
It was the work of people who are very smart people from the Office of the Bureau of guinea <unk> in Boston .
One day , this actually happened , this asked , `` <unk> in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that ? ''
The <unk> dynamic is different .
Scott was speaking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw him a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I came to the place , found the cube of crap behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yeah .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good nights , sweet <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition technological definition .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to move together and help others .
So a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected two people .
And it could be connected to government services to be necessary , but the neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , they <unk> communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but he thinks you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope the government reflects our values and mattered to our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and the politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps us from that that belongs to us that we 've funded the way we operate in our against , that other thing , and then we 're losing power .
People think politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sensual .
Because it 's where the true government work occurs .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed , 325 piece of 325 pages in response to the <unk> <unk> , over the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us , we have <unk> to the government , it 's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our kids .
We have to see huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do governance , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it is possible for technology to be able to root the government function , so that it can expand its government function , so that it can expand to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows it 's not so hard to act , we only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
And the average age of our members is 28 years old , so you , you may , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who we 're going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express your views at the same time and do it .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't care so much to do hear your voices .
They 're using hands .
They 're hands on the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking away weeds and casting a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like digital reminders that we 're not only consumers , not only are consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are a citizen .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't waste citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all of us , will be a crowd of voices , or also being a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails , prisons , and on death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing them , has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are saying here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean , it 's because I think identity is really important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they 're taught with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , you know , if it 's <unk> , it can get much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African family of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in the whole family discussion .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia on 1840 .
She was born over the 1880s , and his experience with slavery solves the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was <unk> .
When I was a little bit , and I looked at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so hard I could barely breathe , and then I got away .
One or two hours later , I would go back to look at it , he was approaching me , and he said , `` Do you know , do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I told him no , I take it again , and if I said yes , I was leaving in peace .
He had this human quality that I would always want to be close to her .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of the 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
And then he looked at it and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , and he took me out of the room , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We 're going to talk to you . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside and said , `` You know , <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay , please . ''
She said , `` Now let me say you 're not going to . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , you know , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , please . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is that we always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to feel that always <unk> it . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , but the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` Well , the third thing I want you to tell me is that I 'll never sell alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in Southern rural . I have a brother last year and a sister a younger year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a little bit of six beers , I do n't know where he pulled it , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We 're just doing things like that .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and was offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go ahead , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . You 'll always do it . And you always do the same thing as us .
I 've taken something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And he went and went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spread .
But I 'm 52 years old and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be a virtue of virtue -- I mean that it 's the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get them to do things that you ca n't do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail for the prohibition .
My uncles died of age-related disease .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage them .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
Business had 300,000 prisoners .
Today there 's 2.3 million .
In America , we have the highest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One out of three black black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or the parole .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , from 50 to 60 percent of all young color in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a justice system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth that affects outcomes .
And it seems to us very quiet .
fear politics and anger makes us believe that these are not problems ours .
We are disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work in our work , some really curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they would stay for rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights to be as high as it was before we 'd passing the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where he sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , without a chance to come out .
Right now we 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a sense , you 've got us to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
Death penalty is defined by error .
From every nine nine people in executed , it has been identified that it 's innocent and liberated from the death row .
A failure rate , amazing .
This is interesting .
aviation would not be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would have crashing .
But somehow we cut off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students in African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk to you about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to the Second World War .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a time defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror of terror was what his life defined .
Now there are older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , do speeches . Let 's talk to people who stop saying that in our history we deal with the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation of racial and <unk> .
In this country we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our history .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All of the time we <unk> with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
We have a job to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage us with a real and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that we could n't overcome racial segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving about death penalty conferences .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's very good to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We can never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get to get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we could get people to run . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these hard issues , positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . Let 's make creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
Recently we talk about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
If you think about them , it 's in a certain way , something that 's inside of us .
We really have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So , we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas , also because of the heart convictions .
This is the connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just how bright and glaring , but also in the dark and hard .
MT <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , will to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is practically at the heart of what I think , that even in communities like TED , it has to be engaged .
There 's no disconnect to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , and to say , `` You know , <unk> , he comes up by Mrs. Parks . We 're going to gather up to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes , ma'am . I know . ''
So she said to me , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I would answer : `` <unk> . ''
So I was going to just listen to them .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> thing .
And at one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks led to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , give me this idea of equal fairness .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice administration .
We try to end the life sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death row .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We try to end the <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I looked at me and said , `` Mmm mmm . ''
And he said , `` exhausted , they 're exhausted , too exhausted . ''
At that point , Ms. <unk> leans over , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more nuanced .
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been trained in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that every one of us is superior to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that belongs to you not , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills each other , it 's not a killer .
And so I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , very stimulating , very stimulating , we do n't look for our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual capacity or rational capacity .
At the end , we judge the character of a society , not because they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but as they treat the poor , people , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to finish with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
tired tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of the severity of it .
I 'm going to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what is n't it ?
The judge <unk> it as an adult , but I see a child .
One night I was awake thinking -- `` Why , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , it must have magical powers . ''
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was very late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a small , black , black .
I started to work on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my 14 year-old client for 14 years is treated as a four-year privileged life , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had a improper conduct at the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country is not ethical , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or I actually wrote it ?
For my horror , it was not only <unk> , but he had sent it to the court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And finally , I decided -- my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got on the car , and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on to court to court .
I thought this would be very , very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car . I walked to the court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was like court pad .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You know , you 're you lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and hugged me .
And I whispered to the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the audiences .
Al , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. Me . '' And we started discussing .
People began to get . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They showed police prosecutors , assistants .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . All furious because we were talking about races , because we were talking about poverty , because we were talking about inequality .
With the eye of the eye , I was going to see when I was going and came out .
I would look out the window and try to hear all that <unk> .
And I was running through walking here and there .
Finally , this old black man with concern , I walked in the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge spends a break .
During the break a <unk> assistant was shown to be upset because the bomb had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black man .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this room of audiences to tell this young man to keep her eye on the goal with <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds out to justice .
That we can not be truly human <unk> if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind those of brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you here who are present to you , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the objective of <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an obvious desire of the audience , from this community , to help your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities close to them .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to make the funds now to make the funds today in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty for the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide in homicide did n't get into arrests .
<unk> percent of rapes do nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will be able to turn the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been an enormous decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades .
And part of the explanation , it 's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe it is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war for drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population .
And we 're allowed to convince us by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes for bringing people to life chain -- for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property crimes , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : We 've been excited about it today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> three : The police throw O.C . spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : Social <unk> : <unk> seven : 65 dead .
<unk> eight : <unk> <unk> : <unk> nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War to drug drug : <unk> . It 's massive .
He used to be done . By the end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just a few of the clips that I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media media will prefer to cover negative news , because our minds pay attention to it .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of the day , our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing cares about survival , the first stop all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the data , looking for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So from a <unk> of stories , they would look at the negative .
That old name of the press : `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us bad news on the seven days of the week 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong with worse .
But it may not be that way .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is that we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress that was done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity and energy -- we have no question .
As human beings are very good at taking the problems and , in the long , we just did with them .
Let 's take the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , life average has more than doubled , average income per capita income has tripled in the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , the power of transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to give ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefine the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the rubber century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's very much about this technology , and lately that 's an exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that 's going to lead to information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , depression and booming .
It 's the cutting computer that 's used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop any of the big challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , by <unk> from Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friend of Autodesk called infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics and their ability to democratize personalized production on the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuels , the vaccines and the food , the digital medicine , the nanomaterials and the A.I .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory at `` Jeopardy '' on Watson , from IBM ?
It was a epic .
I searched in the newspapers the best headline that there would be .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
He plays for the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on your phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or a service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies already .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet on the planet , it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon 's story in the middle of 1800 .
He 's the kind of the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate out of silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , it was worth more than the gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
He 's tied up with oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came up and made aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it were <unk> .
Let 's make this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet , bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to Earth 16 <unk> , every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the yield for diesel : infinitely rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT was published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , the solar world will cost six cents a <unk> per hour compared to the 15 cents in the national middle .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft Voyager spacecraft , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
It was a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is seawater , two percent of it is ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also here 's a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I 'd like to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> <unk> , is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source of seawater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought I 'm going to make a very important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes well , and I 'm full confidence in which this is going to be , Coca-Cola implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation for this technology that is today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of the mobile phone penetration in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications communications that the President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
She lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology technology now is <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe it gets the best thing to get when you show applications in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they 're talking about , and because it has AI , you can coughing , you can get blood blood blood .
To win has to make better diagnostics that a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the morbidity load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> an RNA virus or DNA that does n't land , I call the Health Health and , first of all , prevent the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion rise .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion people on the Internet .
Three billion minds are never before heard coming to the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
What hopeless ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars on the global economy .
And more health care , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D prints and the computer computing use to be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity , healthy , productive and productive ?
How about some voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and being able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if we 're contributions that we can not predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Award is that small teams , guided by his passion with a clear goal , they can do extraordinary things ; things that could only make the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really excited me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
It was going to be at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game that people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was an <unk> problem .
They 've played this student professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people join and began to play it .
And it 's been shown today the machinery of the human pattern recognition is better at best folding proteins .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power today as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that are moved to us to work on the solution of the great challenges and to do what we should do .
We have in front of a couple of decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You might think she bike clicks , but it did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
He caught it a lot to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the <unk> Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , and as you can see , the mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 centimeters , the tilapia black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good time , so it was made over the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had dropped .
They went to the five centimeters .
Let me give you a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
So , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe , so many developing projects .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in the south of the China Sea of China , and above all , in the Java Sea .
What we captured was a <unk> thing .
<unk> , I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on some remains , remains , which are coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came on the deck and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom line is a solid background of soft coral in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . He got because they were dead .
We once captured a living one .
It was still not yet anymore .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time they go to an area where they 've never fished .
But it has no documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
<unk> the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at it something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the water supply , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation using the images received by the beginning of their conscious life as normal , and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And at the end , we 'll keep some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies develop animals without knowing what they 've done until a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose rare animals .
Even if it 's not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea of large fish .
They become rare because we take them .
Over time , there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some present shows you , like a captain , as you saw a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used , or usually they do n't use fishing scientists , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the enormous role that can be able to achieve a protected marine area .
Because with the marine protected zones , we actually recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive because the starting point has been run and extremely low .
That 's for the people that you can see a protected marine area and can benefit from vision that provides them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the Middle West , for example ?
I think the arts and film may be able to fill the gap , the simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were being moved with the movie -- forget about the history of <unk> , why would we take it with images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron , do `` Avatar II . '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube project manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are doing viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today the web makes any of us , or our actions , copper notoriety in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They climb up over 48 hours of YouTube a minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage is viral , getting countless views and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise factor .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this filmed video outside his house in the Yosemite in Yosemite .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popularity rise of the past summer .
<unk> was not proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you 're called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I 've already published a lot of videos from nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Dead .
Jimmy Kimmel had this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
<unk> as Jimmy Kimmel are presented to us new and interesting things to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , a Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants me to get the weekend , just the weekend . <unk> , Friday .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` Arc rainbow '' -- this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was a Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also a Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson Science , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that one person or a group of <unk> , they take a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke , then starts talking about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> in YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment difference , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a <unk> animation with a <unk> music .
That 's what it is .
This year they saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that 's seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet 's Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole of a remix community came out of a remix community that made this happen to be a dumb joke from something that we can all be part of .
Because today we 're not just enjoying it , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted the `` Jeopardy Two '' or `` `` Two '' or `` Cat '' or `` Cat '' or `` Cat '' or `` Cat ? ''
What could some script have to have written this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute , just that just that is really unique and unexpected it can be <unk> in the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that he had to look at this great video of a kind that that was <unk> against riders in New York , I admit , I was not interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I was injured by <unk> , but often there are obstacles that keep you circular properly on the <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise , and your humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do in a creative way .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , of a new culture , which we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we are all a little bit owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , it 's just the middle of the current media , but they 're <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still putting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by the hopes of unit and freedom of his country .
Now , think of the communists in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for both time friends , now they were making fun .
They were quiet in the silence .
He died in history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to figure out the story , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> quietly at sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was meant to a single task : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for me that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> , it challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea they 'd dressed in fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was the pirate violation , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a little bit of poison .
If we would catch , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the steady pace of the engine , the steady pace of the engine , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours .
But I remember the lights on the oil coast in front of the oil coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations building a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a kind of working kind of workers whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of the middle class , which I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that were from the shops were from the rest of the world .
And the <unk> <unk> fragments was traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a title in IT .
We were poor .
All the dollars was mapped , and they 've established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , did n't matter what it should be removed , which was generally new clothes ; it was always second-hand .
Two pairs of <unk> for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were rare <unk> and <unk> on the `` eyes '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , go back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something else in me will get away .
I was accumulating determination and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I put in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we were listening to the movements of our grandmother at the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to be able to make it away .
She opened a computer shop , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and guys were trapped in between two worlds .
And they looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical , classical , relentless Asian student with what I did for myself .
On the other , I was very twisted in poor lives , tragically , by violence , the abuse of drug abuse and isolation .
But many of these received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of law , I was elected the young Australian Australian man .
And I went out of one piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
He was so old , <unk> resident to <unk> , was now refugee and social activist , invited to speak in places that I 'd never heard of , and in houses that she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to routines and the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and passed away , three still in the bed .
And I said to my mom who could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had the same age as she had when we got up the boat .
The `` No '' was ever an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what those . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> and exposed them to the marginalized .
And the more frankly he talked , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the frontier of the possible .
And even though I finished my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly gone , new on the scene -- and not just that it 's good , but it 's something that is so grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean to remove the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
And I gave them enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world faces , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
I went to a small group of people for whom the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I made a giant pot of soup that we all shared .
<unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ideas , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
after a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in an age where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up .
At 17 , she became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without support of her husband , he caused an uproar , and he took the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
The ca n't be done proved to be wrong .
He was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say goodbye .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell stories , and we made sure we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
He asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body 's so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish that for itself ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , diving brave in each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it up and see them safe , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of that is today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days , when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , they wanted to go to a car .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when I was <unk> , the great Indian warrior , he had thirst , he pulled out an arc and with a <unk> on the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And I 'm going to tell you a lot .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was struck by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera if I could n't tell my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to allow the magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> silver .
And this piece of 50 's technology was to my most magic thing .
It became a golden door towards a world full of images , of hackers and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras keep <unk> .
They 're inspired by our inspiration .
And so I launched , I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
<unk> books since age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling that could connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we took the book .
where we are .
<unk> the text with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that do for us ?
I 'm about to launch a <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... I write my name .
And so I get a character out of the book .
Now , at a number of moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live on your GPS -- which is led to me .
My inner child gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean wizards and dragons , but that magic magic , to those ideas that <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always pretty exciting .
So here , we have to shift the iPad , to release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way in what it 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was the whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world is transformed into a <unk> that I drag up towards this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all moments of fantasy , there 's always maps but static maps have been static .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and in the contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard about fairies and <unk> , but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the turret of millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that 's about current issues like environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been to be locked up , glued to their PCs , they have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks and pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So , in order to recover this early childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you put a picture to a flower , and then you get it back .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label myself .
So it creates a whole digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web .
A couple of London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
And within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we said to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and on , and through augmented reality , you see a group of liberation that appear over the plants inside the house .
The screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you 're going to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to have a world where nature 's forces are <unk> with technology and magic and technology come to one another .
You know , the energy of the sun .
We 're getting closer to our kids and ourselves in the natural world and that magic , joy , and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things that we did at University <unk> was <unk> a head of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients , family and acquaintances , `` What happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scaling . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob and off off .
Every morning I come up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect to it , it sends my data to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him too . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs assistance for assistance , or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a <unk> lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of peer pairs to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to be able to , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , take their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to control and to be captains of its own boat , but it can also help us to care about health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share with you with a video .
We all have navigation checks in cars .
Maybe we even have them on our phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew it .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was we built it in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that : If you see a <unk> , please go back , where , and when it 's open , and when it 's open , it 's sometimes open up at the office room and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody 's collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cellphone of Microsoft to find the nearest closest , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And you 'd want to go globally .
We 're <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone <unk> , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
And also , I 'd like to invite companies around the world that could help strengthen these <unk> .
They might be <unk> services , or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that is still in its place .
Please help help us this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in the photograph was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old .
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different , because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is required .
For me , the photograph had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start with the trigger .
Something like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And yet , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the time , but with the common goal of keeping realism at the level of realism .
And when I say realism `` <unk> . ''
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can tell you , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some ways as a photograph .
Since you have to think a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes it look like real ?
Is it the details or the colors ?
Do you know the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here 's three perfectly imaginable objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way , you can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we deceive the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining photographs .
It 's actually combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think , that we do n't even think of , the things around us in our everyday lives .
But when you combine pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something is wrong .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images have done with these requirements -- they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make the beginning of the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect bond .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
Here 's another example .
Now , you might think this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of pictures of different places .
In the personal , I think it 's easier to create a place to find it , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter I knew I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And I know , I even made the house the top of the island on the top of the island to look more broadly .
So to make a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very well meant to be meant for .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful and the very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it back .
It 's a little diagram that I took from a mine folder .
I 'm not very interested to show you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , like many other we tend to see , is a straight line on scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with curves that are new .
Here 's a weird thing .
And that 's exactly what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It 's more intensity because I write about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves at <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw them on a normal curve , where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look ridiculous .
That would be something like that .
It does n't say a lot .
But if a plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , it gives qualitative change .
If the technology of transport as fast as the microprocessors , the past morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go to that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years of magnitude of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
I 'll give you one of two things .
Or it 's good to become a typical curve , and it 's like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something happened .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line we are in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask is , I 'm trying to ask , `` What is that new way that you take the world ? ''
Why new state are the world going ?
The transition looks very , very confused if we are engaged in it .
I remember the future of the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something that 's happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different that you can extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and looking at things in the long term .
The time scale I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , we 're going back about a half and a half a billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that would spread around it .
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at the time , there were just floating some pair of olive oil with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside it .
Some of those oil droplet held a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside , so the droplets grew up grew up .
And they started to split .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random prescription of chemicals .
And every time they 're split , they 're kind of predictable distribution of chemicals that had .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow became better at the time of incorporate the chemicals around us , they were growing more , and they 're more divided apart .
Mostly lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , which was chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things got interesting when these droplets learned the abstraction of abstraction .
And in some ways that we do n't understand very well these little little tiny little tiny people store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , it 's <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , they have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 white dust on the airport that I 'm trying to hide American security people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- The code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA and 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everybody here ; in fact , for every single person in the world and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , it would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread out of the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happily be happy about another billion years .
But then another great step was interesting in which things got very different , and that was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information in the way communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know , but the bacteria can trade DNA .
So , for example , the resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led place that they would be used communities that would be used in a way , and there were one synergy .
And so they survived or failed together , or if a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community were getting more and they would be defined by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up when these communities came so close to , in fact , came together and decided to write all the recipe from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage is interesting for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together like one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that no longer act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced the most interesting levels that cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't make more of processing information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community as responsible to record , understand and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave you an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because he knew bad , and the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had previously built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years per death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system actually built those structures of information greatly accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to confined to an individual .
It could happen in time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a different idea , in my head .
I 'm here sitting here , sitting here , and hopefully , building a similar , vague and <unk> idea , in his heads that holds some analogy with me .
But we take something very complicated , we made it into sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now we went through periods similar to the multicellular organisms , and we 're going to promote our record methods , show and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , computing , the video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on , it 's the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we do before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You see the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told you was taken by a billion years each one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next one , the language so on , took less than a million years .
And the next one , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process breaks down ; I guess it 's the right word to name something that speeds up its own pace .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process explodes .
But I make a living for life designing computers , and I know the mechanisms that they were working with would n't be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me design in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that computer machine .
There are billions .
Instead of <unk> designers , we thought about an abstraction level , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't do before , get much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes use methods that we do n't even understand good .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you have a hundred million sequence of instructions from random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random , to run all those programs , and take those of the things that are more likely to do what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want a number of numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that get closer to the numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the order of the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task better ?
They put those and <unk> those together .
And now I 'm getting the ones that best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a recombination process analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , you know , take the children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children will define the properties of both programs .
So we managed to get a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please , please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
I 'll give you some mutations .
And he 's trying to go back and try and get it back with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , within a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with shows that they 're given numbers absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to look at them to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they can achieve because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on making it .
Once you go on a 747 with Marvin Minsky , and he takes a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a secure flight . ' Do n't make you feel calm ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the ones that produce normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use these programs to make a lot faster , and so you can run these programs much faster .
It 's fed .
The thing goes faster and so quickly , and so I think it looks so confused .
Because all these technologies get fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at a moment analog to the single-celled organisms when it was <unk> multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the heck we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant about our part , thinking that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now comes lunch , and I think I 'm going to stop here before I got bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced enough time to allow me to give up a little bit of my fake status .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little bit of baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about `` <unk> the rules '' -- they talk about the statistics , and they 're talking about the statistics and to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you will meet .
It 's called <unk> .
And we talk about 300 , from a <unk> who <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into a game field without being stuck , and that anyone who 's going to try to throw it out to the first base , do n't get it to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Big League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 taps , they get four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the Major League of <unk> to run more <unk> at a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and it 's derivatives of a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose , you live in a remote place , and a loved one has two <unk> arteries , and your family doctor derived a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think must be the average hits of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , though , is sending them to the world , and I included myself included with the perfect being perfect .
That never , ever , would make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the message that I was doing when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test .
Perhaps .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the residence of the High Hospital of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
In my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the <unk> of every artery that comes out of your aorta offers , common differential diagnosis and usual .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how you classify the kidney <unk> kidney .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very fine ; I graduated with a connection .
And let 's look at the school of medicine with the impression that if you were going to get everything , then you would know everything , or as soon as possible , close to all , because I 'm scared of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service where I was working .
At that moment , I was assigned to the service of cardiology .
And when I requested my meeting , I was going to go to that patient , and I had to go to that patient .
I report the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was very cold .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , and that 's why there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I got working on the treatment that would give him .
I gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in your heart .
I gave it <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent him home .
I made two more mistakes .
He sent him home without talking to the chief resident .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't have what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I could have be able to provide sideline information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who got constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When he sent it home , I did n't pay attention to a voice inside that he said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , it was so insecure that until he asked the nurse to take care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's good if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said <unk> , `` Yes , I think that 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance along with the <unk> took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . I did something I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency room for the road .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the <unk> lady , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid .
Other specialists are afraid , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patients ' patients .
The three words are : Does you remember you ?
`` Does the patient remembers that he sent home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> <unk> nurse .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same voice tone .
She was okay .
But I went back and went back to the edge of death .
In an hour of an hour having come to his house , after I was giving her high , she suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the <unk> brought me to emergencies with a 50 centimeters blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I would just breathe and I was blue .
The emergency staff put together all their resources .
They gave them medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after her , he was in intensive care therapy , and he hoped against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was very obvious that I would never go .
He had permanent cerebral damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they would be transferred to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , they let him go . The <unk> lady , spouse , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names they die .
That was my first experience .
The next weeks , I got bored with it , and I experienced for the first time the shame is in our medical culture , and I felt just , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't get into your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us that what we did was that we were wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to kick things and made sure that I did n't tell me .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why was he sent to her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I make a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Slowly that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in one day cloudy , it opened up the sky and finally went out the sun , and I wondered if I felt better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were going to make the efforts to be perfect so that it will not make more mistakes , I would cease to those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it happened .
Two years later , it was an assistant in the emergency department in a community in the north of Toronto , and I got a elderly man with a chest pain .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked down at her throat , was a little bit .
He gave him penicillin and sent it to his house .
But as he was heading to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my <unk> change , my chief asked to talk to me peacefully in his office .
And I gave the three words : Does you remember you ?
Do you remember the patient watching out of a chest pain ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for it at Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the upper air is going , and it can cause the closing of those .
He , fortunately , did not die away .
You managed to run antibiotics for <unk> and recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then he sat down and went back to work , until it happened and over again , and again .
Twice in the same emergency turn , they do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because we were going to get 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send it home , and I do n't think that 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order 's an X-ray , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking the patient some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read a liquid order for <unk> and asked my colleague to take it .
And I checked it out , and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
They 're both operated and recovered well .
But every case , I <unk> , <unk> me .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
<unk> have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get myself and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach this to do not make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the errors of other doctors , but you will not hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me that he would have a hard time to look at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones that do n't sleep , and the ones that do n't sleep , and the ones that have a little bit of the results and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as a antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we do n't know about medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a secure system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical errors , I 've made a staff of poor health care and medical errors to learn how to do , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto Toronto until my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where errors happen every day , where one of every 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or writing is not right . In a system where infections are increasingly affecting more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians , for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medical Institute set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not having the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of us .
<unk> sleep deprivation all are all up .
We ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to do a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and I would add to alcohol with <unk> , and with breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms always .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error , well , no one .
And with respect that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show , `` White art , black art , black art , black art , '' it 's a tendency to say , `` This is my worst mistake . ''
And their students would be offended and <unk> , let 's go down their head and get them saliva and start counting their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The medical doctor is human , you know , embrace it , and not proud of their mistakes , but it tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
I 'm going to make mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting it , but a loving way for all of you to benefit .
And he works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings are driving the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes at once .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I will try to learn something that can transmit to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently I made a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of election that says to an American American is about 70 to the day .
Not long ago , in a research followed for a week of companies of companies .
The researchers recorded at the different tasks of these executives , and the time they 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we were going on average .
Now , naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or over time .
Now think about their choices .
You know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How did they grade the way that these decisions are ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today , to choose the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and about potential solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please please shake your answer .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of options ?
Thank you .
Now , being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level , at least in that time , very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different mustard classes and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when you take water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I asked myself , why did I never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf shelf .
They had over 75 kinds of different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from the trees of the millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked her , `` Is this working well this strategy to provide all these options ? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists coming up every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different kinds of classes .
<unk> a post to <unk> , just to the tent of the store .
We put it out there <unk> six flavors , or 24 different flavors and looked at two things : First of all , what 's the case people were willing to stop and test them ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , when only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a pot of jelly .
Here 's the opposite effect .
They stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
From the people who stood there , we saw that 30 percent bought jam .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy drop if they were six , that if they were 24 .
Well , decide that we do n't buy jars , we probably want , <unk> less is good to conserve , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not going to be accurate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from some 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds 's worth available plans for retirement plans , 401 program , helping people save for the future .
And we found that I really had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two , even 59 different choices .
We found that the bigger the number of funds was offered , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the extremes , we see that they 're offering two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you would .
And in the plans they put about 60 funds , the participation rate went down to the 60 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , more people would be used to avoid stocks or hedge funds .
In the way there were more options , they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we will encourage to optimize the welfare financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , that we 'll be able to make it even when it goes against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health care .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , even though they 're objectively getting better .
The main reason is that we would have to look at that <unk> variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can test in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , less than today .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of weird redundant options , there will be a increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When we 've met & Gamble spent from 26 different types of Head & <unk> to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden corporation eliminated <unk> products that they were less sold , it increased profit on 87 percent , by two causes , higher sales and lower costs .
You know that the supermarkets of today , on average , they have 45,000 products .
In a grocery store store , you have a 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce on can .
In the world of financial savings , I think that one of the best examples of the financial savings , I think that one of the best examples of how to manage the choices is the artist of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees at Harvard are <unk> to a certain fund of life .
The ones who really want to choose , you have 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those options .
And if your employees can not tell the difference , they wo n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that she would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation for all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the deal with Gary .
( Laughter applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Do n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something more .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choice , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must be feeling very vividly , very concrete .
Why is people going to spend 15 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit cards , that when you use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were being smuggled into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , that we save exactly how they used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that were going to happen in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a increase in 20 percent increase and increased the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hall .
We saw that in the <unk> supermarkets , the <unk> of the northeast , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell me .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> , you pat yourself .
( Laughter claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> , you pat yourself .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
categories should indicate something that you choose , not when defines it .
You often see this problem with those huge funds .
Who are you supposed to be informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think , if we just simplify it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
So let 's look at a complicated decision , you buy it from a car .
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to completely completely reimagine .
You have to make 60 decisions , to put the car up .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one .
<unk> , <unk> color . I have 56 possibilities .
It 's engine , changing changes -- four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which decisions are happening .
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , just a few , four boxes .
The other half of customers are going to go out of a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
Now , if you feel always the default button in every decision , it indicates that they 're overwhelmed , whether we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many options , put the button for the default over and over again , and another one .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
Same information , same number of options .
The only thing I did was <unk> the order in which the information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although the choice of changes does n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways it makes us a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we now have more engaged in the process .
So to summarize .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options : <unk> , eliminate weird alternatives ; <unk> , making it real ; we can handle more categories with fewer choices ; we can fix complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've introduced them were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to pick .
And the more careful how we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the '80s , in communist Germany , if you had a typewriter for the government , you had to have a typewriter for the government .
I had to register a text of text that 's written with the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't imagine that someone could do this , so much that this will be <unk> the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that you follow a pattern that makes you their own and your printer .
That 's what 's happening today .
And nobody seems to be <unk> a lot .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
You 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , Ukraine .
The cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires in line , billionaires , who will make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred hierarchical .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys are making their fortunes online , but they do it for illegal means by trying to steal money from our bills when we bought online , or steal our keys to the information of our cards when we buy a infected computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain 's change ; it does n't do unknown .
And I say today is more likely than any of us to be a cybercrime victim than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most crimes are going to happen online .
The second group of attackers that we see today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , and it will motivate them , they motivate them , they motivate laughter .
groups like Anonymous have been <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that do it for protest , and the last group is national America to attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of attack government against its own citizens .
<unk> is an Austrian authority from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> last fall because of a <unk> .
<unk> the safety of the site and carried out to be <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they found to reach out to the death of people who cause the heart attack .
And the answer to him was yes .
So , how do people die because of a attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What is the certified to do ?
Well , you need to have a website with <unk> , services <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except , let 's make a foreign authority authority .
And they made the <unk> certificate .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , protesters are blazing up with the headquarters for the Egyptian name , in April 2011 , and during the plunder of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government to <unk> the communications of citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
And it is , the Western governments provide the tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government government officers to investigate its own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We even have tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems a bad thing , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's at stake .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , will be forever .
Do it blindly blindly on any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live in Kenya , in the south part of National Park .
These are the cows in my dad , in the back , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in most south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , and this is what they do .
We <unk> our livestock .
This is one of the people who killed the night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and the whole land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They died are a warriors who protect our community and the livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing as to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that lions were afraid .
But I realized that this did n't really help , because even helping lions look at the pen .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions for whom they believed he was near the pen .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they went , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So , '' and they killed the animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
The lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn off the lights .
And this is a little lamp of a broken lantern .
They got everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery , and the battery will wash the electricity into the little box <unk> . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , they <unk> them out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And that 's how lions come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never came back to a problem with lions .
And the whole neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights up .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set up in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving very much .
And my idea is also used by the entire Kenya , to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and they 're also using to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , it was just a child in the savanna 's grasslands of the savanna , the cows in my father , and I used to see flying airplanes , and he was telling me that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on first time to TED .
My big dream is to get to become a aviation engineer , and the pilot 's going to grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now like my invention is saving cows in my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting you can hear a story like yours .
So you get a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : An electric fence ?
<unk> : I know they already invented electrical fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So , you know , you know it once , right ? And you -- I 've tried it before , but I got a couple of my way before , but I got a little bit because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> in every step that you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we would come up with all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spent all my life in North Korea , until everything changed suddenly .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When I 'm doing this , the five members of the family are going to be in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
When long as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman who was living in the street , holding a child in his arms looking at his face by looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped away North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent , the energy cuts , all around me was completely in the dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite photo of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like a refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but too dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was done , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had been accused by being <unk> , and then I was going to make my skills in the Chinese language and ask me many questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum on asylum .
But many of them can be arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have not been so lucky .
It is tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard just to survive .
And even after learning a new language , and finding work , everybody can be written in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk taking to South Korea going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with a pride of mine .
Even though we went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when I started to go back to my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea authorities were some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside .
They had to flee immediately immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked me into the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost stuck with several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody 's identification , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse stood up , I said , they were <unk> people who were accompanying them .
And she looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We made it all the way up to the Netherlands .
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Moscow .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at a distance from the embassy of South Korea .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that the stranger would ask to ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and no doubt , the man was to the ATM machine and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two North Koreans and taking them out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I asked him , `` Why me help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the villagers <unk> . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown , a new hope for me and for the town of <unk> when we needed it .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the promise of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to get their freedom is just half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went back to a new country , they start with little or nothing money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us follow in contact with relatives still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans will come across the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live at South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners of the city came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they changed it to South Los Angeles , as if this is actually happening in the city .
This is South Los Angeles ; <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home of the food places to get and eat in the car .
The kicker is that the food places to bring more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , <unk> Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize this thing .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of the house , you see the effects bad , the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as driving cars .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving a 45 minutes of running back 45 minutes to buy an apple that I do n't have pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land that we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 meters , x 3 .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what I come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we put together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group in advance made from gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the city and completely volunteer , and all we do is free .
And the garden was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city looked at me on top of me , and in summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my yard , the <unk> made a warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
An order for a race for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times was written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the Green <unk> members who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they were <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> .
It 's about 68 miles of <unk> .
That 's 20 Central Parks Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't you like this ?
I 'll give you a plant to give a thousand seeds , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of output .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I 'm going to become part of this reality that was <unk> to me , and I 'm going to actually manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I 'm growing my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I mean , <unk> land , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my canvas on that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you leave your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is , how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , of the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We 're the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how you affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 nights of the night and were in my garden , and I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt like to see people who were so close to hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` <unk> , do n't temes people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh , God is not afraid they 're going to steal . ''
That 's why it 's on the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to get your health care . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter at the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared their stories about how this had affected me and how to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , 50 people who come , work and participate , all in volunteer plan .
If the boys are <unk> <unk> , the guys will eat <unk> .
If you get tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects mind and bodies , they eat blind what they 'll put them in front of .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are being trained from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take a container and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things because the free is not sustainable .
The funny thing about sustainability is that you 've got to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of work , take kids out of the street , who know the joy , pride and honor to cultivate their own food , opening markets markets .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what is a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , you 're going to take their loader on it ?
That 's his weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to see me , do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit .
If you want me to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Music <unk> ) ( Sound <unk> ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes along .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle , and these cars go through , that 's not very nice .
Also , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads from asphalt asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads from the Netherlands , has pores and water can pass through it , so all the rain water will flow sideways and have a road where it 's easy to drive , and they do n't get water anymore .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the disadvantage of this road is that it can get rid of it .
What is it to get rid of ? Look at this road , the stones out of the surface .
First of all , a stone , and more and more and so on , and then -- well , you do n't do that , but you can hurt your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can be converted into a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so only a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it shrinks , they 're going to be <unk> and separated from the shoes .
So , if you drive along the road , you 'll take the distribution -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about materials ' materials .
If we can make this material , we 're going to probably have a solution to it .
So what we can do is use steel wool , of that to clean <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we got asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , as you see here , you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat up , especially steel , is really good at that .
So what you 've got to do is you heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow through these <unk> and rocks get back to the surface .
I used a microwave oven today , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm going to take you out to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat up the samples .
So we tried to test many samples out there and then the government actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So a bit of road donated , 400 meters of the <unk> freeway , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab .
So we did age the samples , we did a lot of payload on them , and then they actually put them out of them , and then we were able to put them together and we went back to prove it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using the power of induction , actually , increase the lives of the road surface , you can even double the lives of the surface , you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're really curious if this worked also .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability works .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening BBC all over his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face , which was unusual at those times , because the news usually <unk> it .
`` The Taliban were ! '' I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were located from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to school .
For the next five years , I was struck as a child for my older sister that I could n't be alone anymore , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be educated .
Every day , we took a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags to look like we 're going to be shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we were taking our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
At the time , the school was suddenly closed for a week , because the Pakistani Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but it 's still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters for a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total world of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that their daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would plug in .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our home to girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still do not continue ? ''
Today I 'm 22 .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He was not just taken away from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , which I 'm driving on the streets of Kabul .
My family believe in me .
I have a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap into the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you her face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than one month ago , he and her daughter went from the way from <unk> to his village , and literally , it was gone from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to his home , you 're the phone , a voice would notice that if he was following his daughter at school , they would try and try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but it does n't harm my daughter 's future for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it is something that is often forgotten in the West , that behind most of those who we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , it 's often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last long , after retirement American troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school , and their parents who wander for them , that I can take them , I see a future <unk> and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities endless , and every day , <unk> girls remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother that died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi .
But you will never go back to the Gaddafi style . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the dug revolution were inspired by the streams of <unk> , both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian .
A forces with a lot of other citizens <unk> , inside and out of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the forefront of the regime , pushing banners liberty , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to stand in front of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi had left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the moral society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I loved , next to many other women , rebuild a civil society , pushing us a transition and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
We were established about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the eve of Women 's labor <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and for our right to participation equal to build democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which are <unk> from selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress in 52 years .
However , recently , the exhilaration of election and revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day we wake up with the news of the <unk> of mosques in ancient mosques and Sufi <unk> .
Another day with the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the killing of army officers .
And every day , every day we wake up with the militias of the militia and their nonstop violations of human rights and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , of course , made up by a revolutionary mindset , will become more and away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , the exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire you with our success story , and the election .
Rather , I 'm here today to tell you today , as a nation , we chose bad , we made the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize good .
Because elections did not brought peace , stability and security .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought in peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion both for men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the feminine values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the elections needed , which only pushes polarization and division .
Our nation needs the skeletal representation of the female , the more we need to need , and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , which not only do you know , but also to put mercy for mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , shattered for war , desperately needs to have the end to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the <unk> and the <unk> between the feminine perspectives and the male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to make that in an existential way before we do it in a <unk> form .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- the peace -- `` is the word of merciful God , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the traditions of <unk> , has the same root in Arabic , that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- uterus , <unk> the feminine and motherly , which spans the humanity of the men and women , from that all tribes and all the villages have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , which grows in , the divine matrix of compassion gives rise to the whole existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy takes all the things . ''
So it 's like , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That all of them would be considered the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a very disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to deal with is what everyone is always doing : Why is she left ?
Why was someone to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , nor an expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just met at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green green Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , headed my head with a gun , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
The man who loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where they fall every year and millions of women , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm an English scientist at Harvard University , and I have an MBA in <unk> from Business Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the list `` Fortune 500 , '' between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I have almost 20 years to my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I lead an <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all race , all of the religions , all the levels of income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse just happens in intimate , interdependent and <unk> , or , by the other way , in families , the last place where we would or we expect to find violence , which is why domestic abuse is so <unk> .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who sticks it , and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between age 16 and 24 , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , irrespective of abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , your warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to the New York subway room , and he started <unk> with me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he also had a college university university , and he worked on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most of the first meeting was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a guy in the field .
He had some big <unk> as apples , and a little wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he did was , from the beginning , it was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it on a pedestal at a pedestal .
We started out , and I loved all of me : that I 'd gone to Harvard , who had a passion to help girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's Big School and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase of any domestic violence relationship is seduced by the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams work , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and I went off and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love , which was entering a physical , physical , psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where they 're supposed to be able to feel so secure had three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
He kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that she lived small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns actually were a message for me , and , although I never had my hand raised my hand , my life was already really endangered , every single day .
The first physicist attack was five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the top 10 of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we live happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very pervasive .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It was an isolated accident , and I never would more harm me .
I spent twice as much in our moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so hard on the head that <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , she would go through traffic , and I got a Big Mac cold Mac to the face .
They kept going for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was disappointed when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence , or at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
In the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help us face their demons .
The other question that everybody is doing is : Why would n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to leave a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occurs after the victim has put end to the relationship , after getting away , because then <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , <unk> financial resources , and manipulation of the family 's justice system to take the victim and their children , who normally are forced by judges to spend time not to <unk> with the man who <unk> their mother .
And yet , we 're still asking why it 's simply not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last beat beat up that won my denial .
I realized the man who loved so much , would have killed me if she would have allowed him .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody , the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , my friends and family , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
Some people are a way to say , `` blame is her to stay , '' as if the victims ' victims intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy .
But since I published `` Things '' -- I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , that they learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that they transcend their lives , joyful and happy as their lives , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out , I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I went married with a cute man and kind , and we have those three kids .
I have this black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do again , ever , is a beaten gun pointing my head in hands of someone who says I want .
Right now , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you , there are a few people who are listening to me right now , that they 're being abused , or that they were being abused or they were <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love to breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request towards you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse will thrive only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims we need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family .
<unk> their view of survivors as fantastic and charming , who have a full future .
You know the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe outcome .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe oasis and peaceful they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be accurate , for 10 years now .
And I feel like , at this point , there 's an awkward strain in the room because I should n't have been dressed like this , luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothing on a TED stage -- so you guys are very lucky , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when they come up , they do n't have to hang them now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything while I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's too shallow .
I 've changed totally what you thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer said to me that he would take the hair off of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery , or a artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little we can do to transform our look , which , even though surface and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's going to be a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but nonetheless .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model for me is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the Mormon of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last centuries we 've not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to be admired , also , we 've associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and to a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've learned to leverage money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> <unk> to say -- wait . There they 're Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , you 've got them to know both models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told each and each of the models on the runway , and the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always ask me is : Does it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not taking care of that .
But then , what I would really tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a ninja <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you were the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the newsroom with the American American magazine or the CEO of H & M , or next Steven <unk> .
To say , to be a model , you want to be a model that you want to win the lottery when you 're higher .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model , because , as opposed to <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Sadly , once you 've already completed your studies , and you have a curriculum and a few jobs and some work on your back , no matter what you might say , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say : Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people always ask me is if all of the photos were <unk> .
And I know , you know , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture I got , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
This is how I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the photos for French French .
Here I am with my football team and I saw the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations from a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and postproduction and get this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is : Do you get free things for free ?
I have too many <unk> heels and I never use , but the privilege I get , I get the privilege I get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a shop and I forgot to bring money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , a red light , and of course , they stood up , and it took one the sorry , agent so that I could keep driving .
I love these privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , from the teenagers <unk> to the ones and reported , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> me ?
But how many times do I get bored , when ?
And when I was doing this talk , I learned that by 53 percent of the age of 13 years in the United States do n't like their body , and that number leads to 78 percent of 17 .
So the last question that people do is , `` How is life from a model ? ''
And I think the answer you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brighter hair , you 're very happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , `` With some thinner legs and hair , bright hair , be happier ? ''
They just have to gather with a group of models , because they have thinner legs , the hottest hair and the clothing , but probably the <unk> women on the planet .
But mostly it was hard to look at a racial situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to hold out of this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was getting older enough to hold a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't go and put them out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , even a minimum care of lighting .
In fact , most of them are taken away from random tourists .
My story starts when , <unk> in New York City to give a speech , my wife took me this picture , holding my daughter on his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to come back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When I was approaching my daughter 's birthday birthday , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> trip and you follow the ritual ? ''
So here is when we started to ask for tourists that would pass us through .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied and , fortunately , no one has never met with the camera .
At the time , we were n't aware of how much of us will change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day as a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop time in a weekend , and to make us reflect on our age and our evolution over the years , and not only for physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always took the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter has new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you see and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden , was stopped , and he pointed out a red <unk> of the grocery store that loved one of the little door in previous views .
And it described to me what felt like five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that reminded his heart of <unk> by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what looks in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious memories of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Now I want to encourage you to just encourage you to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to stick to somebody and ask him , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are found in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs as <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , applause and applause , these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly be monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the vultures have a better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There are the vultures of the New World that are mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the founders of the Old World , where we have 16 species , and from these 16 , 11 , are a high risk of extinction .
So why are vultures important ? First of all , provide life ecological services .
It 's our gender rubbish .
<unk> people up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax that would not be due to them and causing large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are n't vultures , carcasses take three to four times more time in a <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
Mushrooms also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
It was the symbol of the protective and the motherhood symbol , and along with the king cobra , they would bring the unit between the United States and Under Egypt .
In the Indian <unk> , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> 's <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , they make very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to repair them , so these vultures provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of vultures in Kenya , which six of them are in endangered threatened .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that you 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , community communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , those vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of vultures are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , it 's because they fall prey to the livestock consumption that 's been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India , and they 've taken a position .
Since there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread of the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have the dogs in the street , you have a huge time bomb , you have an enormous amount of time for rage , the number of rage has increased enormously in India .
Kenya 's going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up the top of the lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trade trade of dead sulfur to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine their basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a locally problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments on the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciate vultures , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can be assets , making noise . They can write a letter to your government and tell them we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They 're going to run their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell you about vultures , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on vultures .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed their opinion , because he saw them flying no effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much safer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And he was puzzled .
I thought , to the 21 , that the Italians were the good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> '' was a project where we actually decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley to this absolutely magnificent valley , and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and squash and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they would encourage them to come to work , and sometimes they do n't come up . We were quite amazed that the local , in so fertile valley , they had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just at the time to save people from Zambia in famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe that , we were telling them to say , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were nice , mature and red , at night , in the morning , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here , '' `` Why did n't they say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we just made mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what Americans did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
You can see the waste -- let 's see the waste that we gave them to <unk> people from Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Help ends '' by <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I do n't tell you about the damage that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people just in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
But they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat any of a different culture , like , `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I treat all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said all over economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference , put a cane cane , and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not going to be <unk> ? ''
I decided at the 27 years to just answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never motivates anyone , but it becomes a <unk> servant , the <unk> of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? You 're going to be angry .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we know what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what is you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important .
And then , we help you find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years , and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once to reach a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , listen to them , but not community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs are never attending , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity they have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't even have their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family family family , which sits on you in your house , at the table , in your kitchen table , in coffee , and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test for <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in the time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 ongoing projects , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I stood up and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history passed away at 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the corporate spirit .
So now you 're going to seek out reconstructing it without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk to you .
You have to offer them , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help them , and then they 'll come up with it , they will come in .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What are you going to do .
And that 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 've got not renewables , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The engine of internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of supporting machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider is how we feel , is how we heal , heal , we 're educating it , we communicate seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's not the technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? Are universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860 .
And in the year <unk> , this group of people came together , and we would talk about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked about , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move to the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in 1860 , they were taking this dirty , dirty technology that <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> manufacturers , car manufacturers , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in places like <unk> .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you .
Then , you have to offer them an absolute , dedicated , <unk> service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell them the truth about it .
The smallest company , the bigger company , has to be able to do three things beautiful : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial management .
Do you know what ?
Never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money alone .
There is no .
This is not yet born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 iconic companies from the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of them were started by one person .
Never the word `` me '' -- but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins one company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , sitting in bars with their little comrades in houses , bars with their dedicated dedicated business who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman is talking about this epic epic , someone who will ask you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , you sell it ? Can you get money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look at someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like : how much do I pay their neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we do and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad time ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes for the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I am in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that puts shadow to lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in New Orleans . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most <unk> properties of the United States .
I live close to this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother to me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
And I thought a lot about death .
This was a deep gratitude for the time of time lived .
It gave it clear to the significant things of my current life .
But let me be able to keep this looking at my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to get off the day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old , new friends turned the wall from this <unk> house on a giant board , and painted on her phrases for complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , the mathematicians could take a chalk , think about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect about this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and I was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the date line . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more and more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This space was going to become constructive and the dreams of people made me laugh out loud , and I became angry , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not just . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> , it 's about supporting the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now there are walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Argentina and beyond .
Together we show the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions in the rise , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to keep the perspective and remember that life is very short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death , it 's one of those things that we would make more power .
If you think about death , we 're going to think of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters better what matters as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's high .
He does n't talk , but it gives you better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
You share it happen to happen .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
I do n't care about the religious differences , and notice this : I 've never lied .
When I singing our childhood songs , trying to tell the words that I could n't even remember me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very beautiful .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year I went out of one of my iPod 's songs , conversations that we held when I was four , and I would pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't you find it amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because your minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what he pushed my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although not you consider them within the ordinary , that only could mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those of you less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that is so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , are diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world , there 's no cause and cure .
I do n't remember my first meeting with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized he was different .
It was a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He was living in his own life and it was wrapped in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would be between .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were made more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child that I saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that I would n't want to change for normal .
normality , it passes through the beauty that they give us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time where we 're trying to be like others .
Please , do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been to Alice in the Country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . He was really afraid . It 's made out of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big words .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell down the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
So I felt when I had these conversations with students , and I was surprised by the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world too .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a big communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to the environment , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure you can see that the science is sexy and the engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care of jargon .
slang is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them dumb .
The contrary , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise .
Something to think about is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways to turn it into their content .
And by presenting his work , forget about the `` bullet '' signs .
You 've wondered why they call an <unk> , what do you do the bullets ? <unk> kill , and they 're going to kill their presentation .
An <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's getting too much in the area of the language of our brain and drives us .
Instead , this <unk> of example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then provide graphics that we will interact with our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key people that can help the other open to the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words across the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political politician . ''
Although there was a journalism editor in the 19th century , which defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is that who is looking for a public charge no matter what a match , a platform or a principle , and that , when wins , you get it by the mere likelihood of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put her on the London Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to tackle them , and at the end he had such popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use record of the phrase , so it 's like this <unk> .
Most of you think that 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for a freedom advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of what I call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call a leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions could be presented to them .
Some wanted to call him `` Chief of State Washington , '' and others , `` His name George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the U.S. People 's People .
Not very appealing .
Some of you just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was quality of quality .
And not even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected by King by a particular deadline .
And it could have served .
The whole world got tired , because this debate got over for three weeks .
I read the daily newspaper , and I 'd always write , `` still with this topic . ''
What he caused the timing and <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him `` King '' in case he gave him or his successor to her ideas .
So they wanted to give him the most modest title , more insignificant and more unfortunate than they were .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It was already before , but it just meant `` somebody who will bring a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman , '' or `` <unk> . ''
There was <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate comes in .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreigners . ''
`` And who will take a serious title of the title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not gave up .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been influenced by the President of the President .
President Barack Obama 's kind of standing there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is the most important thing , that the President 's title of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads in the world , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of airborne aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and history has endowed with the title of <unk> .
So , at the end I won the Senate .
They got his title of <unk> .
And also the other concern in the Senate , the uniqueness of uniqueness , was a uniqueness of the time .
But , you know how many nations have now the president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody is going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're the President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and use the words , but really , you actually change a lot of the words that what they could change the reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of body bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but , above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap <unk> of light attached to the head with this <unk> rubber , and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole that 's held up of that hole for a meter , which drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I got my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner I met a few days earlier , who was lost over the control and he went up with 60,000 feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are in the deep part of that hole , their lives without paying or reward and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and I went home , but they probably will , because they 're prey in slavery .
Over the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> at the Vancouver 's Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there was an NGO called <unk> , an NGO who 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I started to learn about slavery because I knew it existed in the world , but not to such a degree .
When we finished speaking , I was really embarrassed ; I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this dreadful of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> , and weeks later , I flew in L.A. to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey to modern slavery started .
Interestingly , I 've been in many of these sites .
Some , even though I considered my second home .
But this time , <unk> the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of displaced Africans all over the human trafficking .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker 's salary .
That 's equivalent to about 50,000 current today .
But today , today you can enslaving entire families for generations from $ <unk> debt .
Surprisingly , slavery is generating $ 13,000 billion dollars a year worldwide .
Many have been fooled with false promise of good education and better work to find out that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal worldwide .
In India and Nepal , I met building furnaces .
This weird , <unk> show was like entering the old Egypt , or a hell of Dante .
They <unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , kids , in fact , entire families , wrapped up on a heavy overcoat of <unk> tosses in their heads , to 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
They 're going to take care of drudgery and tiredness , working in silence , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no times to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it , and it made a severe <unk> , and it made it severe .
It was the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the equipment and make it work with air conditioning to stand up and , sitting there , thought , my camera gets a lot better than these people .
Back in furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly , grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not a citizen of that country .
I could put it in a better situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for her release and trusted that he did .
In the way to me , I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for miles on mountain land to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big biggest ones were heavy than children who were charged and the kids hold their heads out of their heads made from clubs , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How do we influence something that insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some of you do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been that whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their homes .
When you hear the word `` slavery , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global conscience , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was born women who had been previously sexual slaves .
It took me up a few stairs <unk> that gave this dirty basement , very faint light light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was more like a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- they 're forced to entertain the clients and they 're forced to buy more food and alcohol .
Each is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their customers .
From foot in twilight , I remember feeling a hot fear fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be to be stuck in that hell .
I just had one exit : the stairs where I went into .
There was no backdoors .
There were no windows big enough to climb .
Those people do n't have any <unk> and , because we touch a topic that 's so hard , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the home service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles is another activity that often relate to the slave labor .
I met Indian villages where there were entire families going on in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and they dip the silk in the liquid to the elbows , but it 's toxic , which is toxic .
My performer told me about his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still expect , however , get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , no sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their family families , missing and forced to work extensive <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite knowing how to swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up , he was quivering ; that his little canoe was <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees in the fragile Volta will often catch networks and children , confront and fear , throw the branches to unlock the branches .
Many are suffocate .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work on the lake .
In fear of his master 's not going to run away , and like all of life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> tries to get younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , and they were getting away from the last networks , but they had been working from one .
It 's on the cold and windy night .
And it 's worth noting that these nets are weighing over 400 pounds when they 're filled with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will come up because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
They signed up a road in Ghana with <unk> partners the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his cycle of suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and hit the window .
He asked us to get it down a path to the forest to the forest .
At the end of the way , we got to get out of the car , and he asked the driver that he came out quickly .
And then he pointed out this path as much visible , and he said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down , we take away the <unk> that we took the path and after walking around an hour , what we found is that the path was ruled by the recent rains , so I put the photos of the photos on my head as I was going to go through these waters to my chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> track ended abruptly and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all full of workers who were full of workers .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked in the poison poison of mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a manhole in another part of Ghana .
When they first came out of the pump , they were in their own <unk> .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits have to go to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that will then be transported back to another area where we were going to get the rock to be able to extract the gold .
So first view , the site seems to be full of strong men and <unk> , but if we look closer down , we see the way we see other less lucky ones and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and from mercury poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When he died his uncle , <unk> inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 and leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors said it should be known .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , he 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams will be liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , from face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted to know that we knew that we 're testimony about them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They are people , real people , like you , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I 'm going to think about these beautiful , beautiful people , which I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images are going to come up with a force in which you see them , people like you , and I hope that force turns up a fire , and that the fire will light up a fire , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do a applied math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we 're like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the <unk> of the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary level of training , a high level of skill and probably the initial <unk> that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease -- gradually this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend named <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , a lot of progress has been made in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in objective , and ultimately , the only way we can know if there is really a cure , it will be when we have an objective measure and they 're going to be linked .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers , so they do n't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that outside of the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , so what if patients could do the test themselves ?
It would n't have a staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to propose to you as a unconventional way to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend named <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration from vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy while making sounds , and we can imagine as a vocal ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
And from the sound , we can track the position of vocal cords as vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom side , you can see an example from vocal chords of vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal tremor , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and my speech after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on your specialized clinical trials ? Well , they both are <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Okay , but also the tests based on voice are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They get very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
It 's minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low : massive scale .
So these are some incredible lists ready to address .
We can reduce our patients ' hard difficulties .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> check .
With high-frequency monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do a mass of low-cost , low-cost mass trials for the first time , and for the first time , we 're going to be doable at scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Disease Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals .
We have such local lines accessible to about 750 million people in the world .
Anybody , with no Parkinson 's , can call it low price and leave a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , let 's say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What are you going to get from these samples ?
Max Little sounds : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is , during the call you have to tell if you have the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . It might not end it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking at <unk> the factors of confusion in pursuit of the actual markers of the disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
In fact , my <unk> student , I have to ask you , has done fantastic work , and now it has been shown to work on the mobile phone network as well , which is what we would do now . We have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little audiences .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures , gray .
We 're focusing on the dark , in rooms with no windows and , generally , avoid sunlight .
We make complicated models , the perfect skin is still more perfect , we do the impossible , possible , and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
Shortly after that , an organization where it was a voluntary organization , there was a place working as part of the response team .
I , with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
The 13th of May traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little <unk> town in <unk> <unk> in <unk> <unk> , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level record over 24 feet , and over three miles of land inside .
As you can imagine , the village was crushed .
We take out the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took out the mud and we took ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons of tons and tons of fish dead , smelly , rotten streets .
We loved it , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and SD card .
They all did the same .
<unk> and bring them to different places of villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help at an exit center of the town .
It helped clean out the communal bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the town of the town where the exit center pick up the photos .
So there they were and I had the honor of that day , and I was able to clean the pictures .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I walked beyond myself that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some who had more than a hundred years ago , and I could n't avoid thinking about how to figure out how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started manipulating the pictures .
This was the first of all .
And I was n't too spoiled , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get to make a lot of precision and it 's difficult .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have the aspect of her , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over time , they arrived at the end of the time , and they took more pictures and they needed more <unk> , so I walked back on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people from joining together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized to <unk> , a people to the north of <unk> .
So once a week we use our scanner in modern photographic libraries that had set up , where people would reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . It could be a couple of weeks .
It could be a few months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by drawing the areas whose color and detail was n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures of salt water , covered in seawater , covered with algae , even with oil , all over the time , and I continue to move forward to hand , and it was an important part of the project .
We could n't tinker with the picture unless it was clean , dry , and it would have been hacked by his owner .
We were just lucky to hand .
We have the guidance of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more of the photos .
As one time once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman brought us these pictures , he was lucky to the photos .
She had begun to eat her , but he stopped to realize that it 's even more injured .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would n't have been able to reconstruct , we were able to <unk> the images in a single picture and tinker with the whole picture .
When they collected their pictures shared some of his history with us .
Some colleagues in his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , far away from where it used to be their house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The tsunami is , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go into the water as the <unk> <unk> .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I handed her on his photos to his youngest son age 14 .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could do , something that could remember from the past , which would remember the past day , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined in town with hundreds of them helped to clean up a lot of 3,000 photographs , the vast majority -- the vast majority came back to the hands of their owners .
More than 500 volunteers across the world helped us bring back to 90 families hundreds of pictures , and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars into teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a picture of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing that we 'd bring to you , but the first thing that we would have to look for .
This was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give back to somebody with the past .
When a picture looks like this , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , I 'll give back something , using their talent for something that are not thin skin models .
Now , I 'd like to read this email . I 'd like to read him Cindy , where I came back from Japan after six months .
In the meantime , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photograph with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child , gathered around a baby , was moved by , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc , Doc , were inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet going through an apple on an exhibition only one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not about a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays , and challenging the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer and I switch it on and you 're going to take it into a second <unk> or be , in many <unk> , you create a <unk> package of just a millimeter wide .
And that package of photons , that bullet , travel to the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we took that bullet and this package of photons , and we shoot in this bottle , how do you disperse those photons into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in least a <unk> is what it takes to travel to the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't kick this research . They 're a lot of things in this film ; we 're going to try to show this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse of the pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a package of photons , which starts <unk> and that , inside , start <unk> .
Part of the light goes away , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of the air that 's bouncing inside .
In that time , the waves travel around the table , and because of the thoughts of the top , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several squares , that reflections are concentrated .
Now , if we take a regular and current bullet , and we make it go the same distance and you see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us sit and see that movie ?
One week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about testing with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that sit on the table , the tomato and the wall wall .
It 's like throwing a rock on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at once more of this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside and it goes out after several hundred <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phones , you can go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
So what do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at the low exposure , it comes in very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that packet of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very savvy sync , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and they 're going to make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , you know , go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
That 's where we could extract those multiple light bulbs .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there 's a dummy , and they hit the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works just like this , our <unk> , it has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and the door to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it is .
As you project a laser , you can record a photograph in raw , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like that , dozens of images , we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , you can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected in the windows open .
Or we could build <unk> able to look at the inside of the body by <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of doing health imaging problems .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself became a science in art , an art of photographs .
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected is not just for scientific visualizations .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here also is a funny thing .
If you look at the waves under the top of the cap , you 're going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strangers . Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order in which the events are happening in the world at times the camera in the world .
Let 's take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can fix this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and initiate a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , move it up and get it famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people put together that they 're going to get a change for a change , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
So who of the courage have a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a cell phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me from my phone , and how life changed me .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 of information lines .
It 's raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . was introduced .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider , has to store a broad range of data from users .
Who calls who he sends an email to who he sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and even two years , in his phone company or his Internet provider .
And all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the service providers and stored the whole information on us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went to the streets of Berlin and said , `` Freedom , no fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all of this information about us ?
Every time you use your cell phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please give me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask them , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're holding my life . ''
So I decided to take a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end , they agreed .
They took the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD had this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> 30 lines of information .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
I was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I spend the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom in , go back and go ahead .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to go from <unk> and Cologne trains , and how often I call it on the way .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they call me some of them .
And then one called the other , and the other one , and we ended up with this great communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other where time they call each other , what time time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who you 're talking about who , who is email to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and even two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who was involved in this protest , and , if I had learned who leaders were , this would never happen .
The fall of the Berlin Wall , maybe never happened .
And , in a consequence , neither of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store so much information about ourselves as possible within and outside the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for your self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends , tell your privacy , privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not yet fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representatives that just because companies and government agencies can store some information , they do n't have to .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , which information store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones , you 'll help them to remember that they have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call me <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me into the world .
I 'm going to take my mom six times in six different different directions , and let me go back to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , which is why we 're going to spend all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
<unk> C. is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> and it ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one I happened at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they have been disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive into circles and search for parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And you think , `` God , I can be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and the C. A is just one of them .
There would be a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy , not walking , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can , you can dance to <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I cleaned .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system and became convinced that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top note to the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk at the age of five and just walking around and just walking .
Another tactics that I used was just hang up a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> that I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` I hate Muslims . ''
The people that I grew up with did n't have problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of fun to starve during <unk> .
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without lunch , so <unk> at dawn is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . He 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I 've learned to dance with a heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend my summer vacations on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was going through my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we do n't go back to Palestine all summers , we would lie at Madonna .
On summer vacations , often my father tried to <unk> me , and so I would drink hot milk , put hot cups on my back , and I was standing on the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , I was a comedian that could n't stand up [ booth ] .
And now I can stand on my head .
My parents I knew this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like <unk> pet in the theater .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in their classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo my faculty <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I will finally have a role .
I have cerebral palsy !
End free !
Thank God Almighty , I 'm finally free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave it to BMW Brown .
I went to <unk> running the principal theater director , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , and I asked him why , and she told me that because they thought I could n't do stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character either . ''
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> <unk> actors for the disabled papers .
When I graduated from I went home , I went home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra on a soap soap .
My dream was true .
And I knew it would be `` companion '' to `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , he did n't see me more than the neck , and it was obvious for me that the directors of <unk> are not <unk> actors , not white , with disabilities .
You just want perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour of New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedian that he took when she fell at the high speed of the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs in the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I do know that you 've never heard that little <unk> <unk> that says that women are not fun , and they 're really fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York <unk> Festival , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and then I remind them of the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
It was a lot easier to fight the challenge against the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news news program Matters behind with Keith <unk> .
I walked in as if it was to a graduation dance , I went back to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I grabbed on the presenter desk to do not get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't go back to having me .
But not only Mr. <unk> went back to having me , but he stayed like when he was full-time and bashed my chair .
Something 's fun that I 've learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's saying that children are cruel , but I never would go away from me and a little girl or more .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became an object of ridicule .
You 'd see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What does it have ?
We should really pray for her . ''
A reviewer suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as the race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make someone in the wheelchair .
<unk> , yeah , clapping , man . Go .
<unk> are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors were saying not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that 's less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we need all the society to teach well to our kids .
My tortuous journey has taken me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> on the red carpet of the soap <unk> , and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> to the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> Children , '' a charity , a charity to give the children Palestinian refugees a tiny bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting alive , and I do this talk to her memory .
peace in peace .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a little boy from a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know her story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
drought drives the small people to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without anything for him there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunity , there 's no job , no prospects .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , you know , nothing .
One day you get a guy who gives him to lunch for lunch , after dinner .
He meets a dynamic of people , who gives it a break .
He 's getting a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , his family .
I presented to a young man .
She 's finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts out a car bomb .
That little boy in that small village with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were in the <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to the al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing he put it out of what we call `` the period of waiting . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , the urban young young people who would dig riots in Johannesburg , 3,500 riots in London , who are looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , for jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often youth who suffers from higher rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting story , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
Seventy percent does n't work , not going to school .
They do n't do practically anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to that hospital hospital , thinking , `` What would I have never been ? ''
What if I 'd forced me forced to be in that same `` wait period ? ''
Would you have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house leaders at a juvenile leaders .
It was going to be about 90 <unk> leaders .
We sat down , and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , she graduated .
There were no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because it was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reaching B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
It started a motorcycle company .
She started <unk> the local residents who normally could n't get them .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is somewhere going to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I believe that business spirit can be the most powerful tool for the waiting tool .
It 's going to be the creators to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are seeking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
It was helping me train some of the young people in the top of the business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that has seen over 22 years , and until Mohamed arrived , if Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers to your wedding , we were <unk> from plastic sent out from the foreign foreigner .
If I read somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a startup <unk> and floral design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> climate .
And it started by the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in the creation of the first public public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
She wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like , he says , smell the pink pink .
By the way , he 's not grown pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that they could be <unk> from change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They were providing business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business .
They 're going to take young people with the resources that they need , <unk> the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create catalysts for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's to create a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Her Peace Park , this is how it 's called it , when it 's created , it will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep the bikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape paralysis of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they will become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they 'll have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace than <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The rainforest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way that we were still , almost to pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We arrived at our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful lake with sight when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had a dump , about <unk> square meters with the heart of rotten apple balls balls , aluminum balls .
And I was amazed , he was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to get what they had brought in , who thought he was going to clean up his trash ?
That question went on with me , and he got a little bit away .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter as a <unk> or where put the `` ours '' , who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the road and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I began to work like garbage trash .
Now I would n't just travel in the trucks . I did n't have them .
And it operated the mechanical mechanical <unk> .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you think , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used quickly .
It costs a lot of used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies kept dragging weight on the weight of getting over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous regrets of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and walking in traffic , all the day , and they pass around you .
They just want <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you go out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing or circulation .
It should always be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I think that the gatherers of waste is the most important work of the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste , efficient and effective waste every day , this starts to <unk> from their container and their dangers inherent us in very real ways .
Disease that we 'd been looking for for decades and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have a space for what the engines of economics is starting to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating your relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average average day necessary .
I mean , I mean by just the speed that we use to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , and we cleaned , or we cleaned up with us our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that we take for it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to suggest about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and focus on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Your job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you go .
And their work allows us to do our work .
They 're almost a relief .
The flow that keep us in except for ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow has always got to stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as they did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing this particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go right .
We 're going to be fine . ''
And shortly after that , I began to investigate waste , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together , many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be right .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think about when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next you see somebody whose work is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives , become an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of building that they showed as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin of crystals generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city that this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a long time for a place as rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually engaged with the old market , which is this structure in the open , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the site , which is located in a much area of much growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that they do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , linking all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a space in the open in the building that would self-assemble , in its own form , of sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that was going to lead to local climate conditions .
And I got thinking about a tissue that was similar to a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air to the air , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we inspired us in these beautiful buttons of dresses of Ethiopian .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me to model the facade .
We 're building that with these tiny pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This is attached to these little colored crystals of colors that use light from the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we do . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is cut off almost every day .
So we got a big advantage putting up on the roof .
And then under those panels , we thought about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which set up collect water for the health health .
The beginning of the next year , we go through the fifth floor of the building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to perform a project that 's so big , the biggest that I 've been designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also in their environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a dozen <unk> doors of access connected by <unk> .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was broaden the existing streets , creating 12 initial blocks similar to size and features in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines , and that changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best guidance be for an apartment in <unk> climate ?
And it 's a fish , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So it 's going to make a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds and then on the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local rules that set a greater density on the upper levels and a lower density in the ground .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back the community of the occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , can go up and socialize , and make things like running a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
So these two examples , they have a common approach to design .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to looking at the architecture for simple , but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had lots of very bright hair and a little bit of pencils , and a little bit of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the <unk> of states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I was full of my sinister plan .
One day I was left at a time after the school exit . I hid in the bathroom , and I hid in the girls ' room .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out in the classroom , I went out in the classroom , I took on the table of my master book .
And then I did .
I was looking at my rival scores , just a little bit , just a few of them .
All the way . And I set back the book to the drawer , but to see , some of my other partners had very good grades too .
So , in a frenzy , they <unk> the notes around the world , no imagination .
I put up all rows of <unk> and myself , and I 'm just standing there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I felt good , doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all very obvious .
I never discovered me .
But most of all , I was struck by the reason why I was bothered by that this little girl , so small , were so good for <unk> .
I was terrified of jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates are very prone to .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that 's looking at loneliness , or the <unk> , or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory you study jealousy in all their forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if it had n't jealousy , <unk> would be not literature .
Well , we would n't have Helen <unk> , there was no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , and `` the thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
<unk> the <unk> lists of high school , because we would be losing `` <unk> and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We will lose <unk> <unk> and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost that it 's got everything .
This year , it 's been 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also in ordinary competitiveness , mine , all we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in impoverished .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia said were so hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
Is it very obvious that jealousy , that you reduce the person , their desire , to their own , are a very solid basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
And as storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to put the knife to the knife , right ?
Institutions make all of the amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds to its collection of instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , according to Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy <unk> of the information .
jealousy use the details .
Now , jealousy , they like large amounts of hair , and the nice little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy had <unk> from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links well good language with jealousy .
When <unk> is on jealousy , it suddenly listens behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , so it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think that this is <unk> , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look at us , and they make it seem like <unk> , but at the point of it , they 're looking for knowledge , search for truth , really painful . In fact , what he meant is , the more painful the truth , the more painful .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the tracks to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who needs us , that makes us suffer , it causes us to suffer , it causes us a much more profound sense of feelings , a much more profound man who can be interested in . ''
It 's telling us that we 're going to go seek women cruel ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy disclose to ourselves .
And there 's some other excitement that makes us open this way ?
Is there any other excitement about our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at with so peculiar ?
Freud would write on this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young boy who was consumed with the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud said there was a weird thing about that man , who did n't get into what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that did his wife , not realizing , <unk> behaviors .
Was it too much ? Or accidentally <unk> with a man ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
<unk> are really good at this .
<unk> describe very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but <unk> .
In fact , the more intensely jealous , we are , we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts of acts .
Institutions drive us to behave in a totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan was captured by being created by creating a fake Facebook account since I was sending a lot of <unk> , awful messages to herself , for a year .
For a year , it 's a year .
She was trying to join the new bride of his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's be realistic .
How huge , even though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
It 's like an <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` Mr. <unk> <unk> '' and `` Mr. <unk> <unk> , '' books , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be surprised at a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
It 's Tom <unk> , or want to want what you 've got to take your self and you 're going to notice what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , the cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> everybody , as much as sometimes I want to .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
<unk> show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go into the Baker Street and you ask for Sherlock Holmes .
Now , when people think about Holmes , think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always had , I 've always been <unk> ] <unk> , the head face of rat from rat <unk> who need desperately desperately , needs the Holmes ' genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar to me .
<unk> needs its help , but they would plug it out with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once they 're supposed to go , they <unk> all with his solution , and he 's going back to tripping out and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's not a person in Scotland who do n't want to hold my hand .
It 's one of the times that we see relocated fees in history . I think this is very emotional , right ? That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute unsurprisingly , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
All of a sudden , <unk> allows you to be admired that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are actually a <unk> issue , just a question of where we allow us to be related to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So while we hope that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction , the jealousy <unk> .
The fiction alone is inviting them to the table .
And look at what puts it : sweet <unk> , terrifying <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Proust himself .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On the 21st of July , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Redwood module on Apollo and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence in gray , which was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization at peace times in America 's history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
So Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
It was on his surface of his surface , which was inspired by the death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't bring much back , <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of smallness and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynics are that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words in Kennedy University at Rice University give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why scale up the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would you fly over the Atlantic ?
Why was Rice Rice .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because it 's simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just an victory of the West about the Cold War in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the wonder of the <unk> of the powers of technology .
They were because it was something great to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a very long list of technological triumphs .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> polio and eliminated the smallpox .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew of Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles an hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and optimism about the power of technology is evaporated to the view that we can imagine technology that we might think of how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember taking the Apollo 17 takeoff .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do not look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the last terrifying mission , but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like if technologists would have found us and have enriched enriched toys with trivial toys , things like iPhone , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created a little less ambitious companies that are the ones that are <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in particular , the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at their peak , they would n't worry about the risk , they preferred small investments , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with profit on technologies like energy , which need a huge amount of capital , and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in the development of technologies that would solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate trade value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we want to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the world 's energy consumption came from sources of renewable energy , wind and wind -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want the sources of alternative energy that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policy and treaties with international treaties development the development of alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of price control .
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that they looked like , they 're not going to be .
We know for the time that famines are a result of failure in the food hand .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect food distribution .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems and systems for storage and use of food , but there will be famine while bad government .
And finally , the big problems are given a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The Nixon president was declared war in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many types of cancer , a lot of <unk> to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
toughest problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we must , but these four elements have to be present : the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem ; the institutions must be able to fix the solution , it 's really about a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , fulfilled with those .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition for <unk> like the Cold War in the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy that was difficult and dangerous , and there is no popular mythology of science fiction as we explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we do n't miss the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become a lifetime of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very pervasive belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third is one task : we should get the confidence back .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has played it .
What I 'm going to try and tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives one more clear idea about the subject .
First of all , what people think about trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I turn to think that there may be diminished in some activities or institutions , and that could have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can use the opinion of opinion , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at their opinion polls over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were being spent 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen in the street is almost exactly half a way .
But is this evidence enough ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people assume when you make certain questions .
Trust me to politicians ? Trust ?
Now , if anyone asked you , `` Are you going to get them into the <unk> ? ''
<unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some people , but in other people . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a kind of official , official , or kind of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the class of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more likely to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why we stop the whole knowledge when we think about trust in form more abstract ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real standard of trust , because they try to address good judgment in the fact that they 're going to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would get more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what it 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who had <unk> their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
Unlike being deposited or barred with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is do a lawsuit about how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a lawsuit , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the raw subjects , and it 's responsible and responsible , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't relied on them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see that they will make your own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have many friends that are competent and accountable , but extremely <unk> .
If it is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before trust .
Now , trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , and so on , that they made us easier to judge their task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the management paperwork that will attend to itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life and institutional and institutional accountability which is meant to guarantee the trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually making the opposite .
What they do is it 's hard to do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let 's say `` fix the boxes , '' as we say .
You know , all of you are all known examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if they 're dependent on being trustworthy and empowering people that we are reliable , and if they are able to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , the attitudes , what they do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> to the task rebuild trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough bases so that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to bring <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's every day every day , everywhere , the ordinary people do , the common officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store that I buy my socks is says I can bring them back without giving us explanations .
I 'm wearing them , and I get it back for money , or they get the money on the color I want to .
That 's great . I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not something very difficult to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Since the beginnings of computers , we 've been working forward to reduce the separation between the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers to it ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First , I created this tool that goes deeper into digital space , so when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands ?
In the gravitational Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital workplace .
So , I combined a transparent <unk> bombsight to detect the fingers and the face , now you can pick up my hands on the keyboard , get inside of 3D space , and grab the pixel directly with the hands .
Like windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as taking a book on a shelf .
You can turn through the book and highlight the book , and to highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if you invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us shall have bought and returned things by the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I 've got here is a virtual toilet on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a mounted device on your head or decrease when the system is understanding your body geometry .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make it physical , so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would a future look like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
So this spherical magnet is behaving like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as users can move anywhere within this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was lifting gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and <unk> mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object to the object , we release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to breed and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets , the physics , and , as opposed to monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show something , but that will begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to make ourselves out of our world .
We started the talk today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was amazed to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to take a school to athletes for all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only one path to happiness : a safe , and a paid job .
No matter whether I do work , or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , on my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start with a very young man to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
Until I wrote the director of the school and a radio program .
But no adult would give you the idea .
No adult made me seriously .
Only my friends were supported , but they were children , no authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream would never come to work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing you could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go back to books .
[ `` Works <unk> . '' ] [ `` <unk> of Project '' ) [ `` <unk> of Nan <unk> '' ] So I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books to do here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese <unk> lives .
And it 's not convenient for convenient , <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> guilt trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
And so many perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be at the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are up to fields of research as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if reading comparative works to investigate , why not do it in the everyday life ?
So I started reading books about two .
It can be people [ `` Benjamn Franklin '' from Walter <unk> , ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] So they were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual policies .
For the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu . '' ] Thomas <unk> , '' Alan <unk> , instead of missing missing in translation , found that you can win a lot of her .
For example , it 's through translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I do n't feel like I would feel alone or powerless .
Having a shattered dream , it 's really not compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of books today , I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student at Berkeley at Berkeley .
She was a 14 year-old woman named Alex .
Alex entered the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , put on the couch in my office , took my shoes removed and told me that he wanted to talk about their problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My school roommate had a <unk> .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought he could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories of <unk> that Alex brought the sessions , it made me easy just to move the head while I was able to fix the solution .
`` <unk> are the New 20s , '' he said Alex , and so I was looking , she was right .
You start to work later , you 're home later , you have kids later , even death happens later .
For <unk> , like Alex and I had a time of plenty .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor was pushed to press Alex to talk about his loving life .
I stood up to me .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out under his category , he sits down with a head <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , but maybe they get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work on Alex 's marriage is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel a head after what they used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex to be a break .
This made the <unk> of Alex to be the perfect time and we were wasting them .
So I realized , that this sort of benign neglect was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and future <unk> all over the place .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without passing before you .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they take a 20-year-old sleep , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend over 35 years .
This means that eight of the 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which shapes your life will have happened to be 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , I do n't enter panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you win .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more more times during its <unk> than at any other moment of life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top , and things become complicated than 35 .
<unk> are the time for education about their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily and everyday life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
Researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists were stupid names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give it <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting ones like you or your children and girls come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't realize . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had a better curriculum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating dates were like the game of the chairs .
They were all running around , and they were staying , but then at some point around 30 , the music went off and they started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave many things for the '30s , there 's an enormous amount of pressure in 30 , and so many of you start a career , choose a city , pick a mate , and have two or three children in a much more short time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there are research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing anything once in the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the race you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was in their own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but you could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperament .
And even though we had a very difficult one , his previous life had been even more difficult .
They often worked on our sessions , but then he would get herself to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and wept for almost every time .
And I had just been able to buy a new book card , and I 'd spent all the morning I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` In emergency case , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria point when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of fun to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What he needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was her opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the Great decade of Emma was going on in front .
So over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman , she deserves to know .
First of all , I told Emma that she would forget that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I 'm talking about doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the time for the other side of the country , from that boarding school , from that company that they want to test .
I 'm not plugging into <unk> exploration , I 'm southeast of the exploration that should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> ones that come together with friends with the similar minds are limited just in terms of who you know , what you know , how they think , how do they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes out of their closest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak ties from friends of friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and weak ties are the way we get to this group .
Half the jobs were created , then , meeting the head of your neighbor is the way we get a job did n't published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
For the last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose his family , but I know her friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as a result , Emma will soon lie to her family when I have a couple and form his own family .
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is a better age to sit down than 20 or even the 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live now or tell you now when everyone on Facebook is starting to walk towards the altar of not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being as intentional in love as you 're in the work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it will work or kill time with whom I choose you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link has helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with whom he lived .
Now five years later , it 's called special events of events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I was sending a letter that said , `` Now the emergency theater spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport , which are out somewhere in the west .
Just before takeoff , a light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , and even 29 , a good conversation , a good deal , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even in the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all of the <unk> .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , get their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't stop what they did n't know or what they did .
They 're making their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job at a job that was even more demanding about the teaching .
I went to teach them math to college students in New York City schools .
And as any professor , I applied tests and test .
I gave them tasks .
When I first went back , they report grades .
The thing that struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of those who had better performance do n't have I.Q . <unk> scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given .
But these concepts are not impossible and so convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know is how to measure in better ways .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to learn differently and easy ?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy military Academy West Point .
And we tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would come together .
We went to the National <unk> <unk> , and we tried to predict what children were going on as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective thing to improve the learning results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their job jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those different contexts , it arose a feature like a significant predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health and was n't the I.Q .
It was determination .
Passion is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Hope is to have resistance .
Hope is clinging to its future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and really hard to make that future a reality .
Hope is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my cure questionnaires , and then I waited around over a year to see who would be thrown out .
It turns out that the children with more determination even had significantly more determination to graduate , even when I paired them in each trait that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or in the National <unk> <unk> in which it matters .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know , the little thing to know about the science about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we development determination in children ?
What do I have to do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent can not give you determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who are simply not following their commitments .
In fact , in our data , commonly determination is not related or even related to proportional measures to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing children is something called growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and learn about the brain , and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to fail when they fail , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of it .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get it wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , shape and shape the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I was amazed by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can put down this wall , so that anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do that .
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five , I began to learn how to draw every single character of each character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic writing 20 thousand characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 of them will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read the traffic signals , in restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
Today I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was screaming anyway , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally originally originally originally described , but I like to believe that it 's in the other way . The one that makes them work .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks at a couple of <unk> doors in the old west .
I call radical these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so they believe many more characters .
A person .
If you walk back , that 's `` continue . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are crowd .
If a person stretch your arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an `` idiot '' -- Easy to remember , because a <unk> <unk> is quite an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Just take the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Hold on a table inside the door , is the deadbolt from the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is leaving a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of thousands of characters , which is the same thing to learn about a Chinese age .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun in the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun with the origin , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> will be inspired by the Chinese enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become <unk> .
A mouth that tells you to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician , we saw Oz together .
The film mastered their imagination for months .
Her favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to wear a bright dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex programs of child fantasy .
However , Professor Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took over 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> guy who was <unk> to a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yeah .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the movies we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician in Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician 's doing today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted .
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies from the bad <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the magician 's unique is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son .
It 's only three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second child , and the oversight level had gone down . And so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom , and he was impressed as a mother , behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> , everything .
I wonder what a place was .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should n't the sense that Luke will be an army to overthrow the government ?
Let 's compare this with the 1939 magician .
How do you win his film ?
They 're doing good <unk> with all and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force capital , the force in the movies for our children , and so little on the path of yellow building ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know because the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that would have served to navigate the adult world , which is mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credits begin to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My quest is over , I have girlfriend .
Why stand up there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a silly animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and to defend Disney Disney to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job when I teach girls how to defend girls from the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women writing new stories for our children , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful topic of all times continues appearing classic after classic after classical , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man or two men who are friends , or a man and her son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally it came up .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism said when <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let the stop !
Well , almost none of these films passes the test for <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not real roots and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , a conversation I had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are only three questions you need to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that 's got lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else apart from the kid that they love them ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist , and they talk about things about it .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies we know and we love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? Oscar 's `` Right ? '' `` <unk> , '' a idea of consensus about what a Hollywood piano film is .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the test for <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostages crisis .
We have a lot of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and it 's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So they 're going to look at the numbers .
In 2011 , the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have feminine protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage than the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a greater number that this is going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think movies for children have something to do with it .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do you do not get to learn ?
You 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Now , are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world , and this very disturbing statistic and we want to get them .
We have tools like <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , <unk> will be <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power .
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I 'm talking about parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that she takes care of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars , you know what she responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to encourage them to reach their potential .
They 're leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I tell my son , and go and fight and work alone , and more stories where he looked at work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , to help other people better and be better people , as the magician 's a Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I 'd more like was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I was used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me do .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 1,300 miles across the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to using satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared .
This is a place where we located in the Eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in simple sight , seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared and processing it using it using a false color , suddenly the place looks like a bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , the architecture and the religion .
The <unk> have known that <unk> was located near the pyramids of the two kings that they built it , indicated in the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge continuous range of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six times a mile per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , it moved to this one , and <unk> all the city .
So how do you find a city decrease in a big landscape ?
And I 'll try to find out at random that would be the equivalent of a needle in a haystack , with your blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we 're using NASA NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile would do .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists by making sampling work ; you can see it here .
When I say to sample , it 's like the shots of shows up in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly from the same period that we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs , <unk> , quartz and cat -- which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry , these are the rocks that were used .
So we have a dense layer of occupation that came from the Middle Empire at this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop which shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but let 's take place in a future near to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
And I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen in 1984 B.C in a missing city , not for a long time , and found from the high .
It certainly puts the pursuit of shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door to <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now let 's take a bunch of obese obese together .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they 're going to your door to entry .
I need you to see this really .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
And they collide with the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on its side , hit the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the door .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what there 's next door to the door , and look at the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
They 're waving with his hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your blue fur using tickling on your nose .
You can smell the oats of oats and raisins that 's about to get into your mouth .
<unk> over the side and come to his living room .
Already in the room , and making complete use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing about his center table , singing , `` My <unk> Baby One More . ''
Now to follow me on me .
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow building and from the oven come towards you Dorothy , the <unk> of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz '' -- <unk> of your hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> de <unk> .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them alone .
We had the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
They had whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena in nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the most skilled memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All the people who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to do these miracle acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented two 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that they used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do you have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , bright English , and a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards in a live house , on national television .
That would prove the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
I mean , you have to start for something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up happening most of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory of the world .
Her memory was so bad that he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
It was incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of Hoffman Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library in Salt Lake City memorizing telephone books ; it was clever .
And by coming back , I read a lot of treaties on the memory of writing something over 2,000 years in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained , disciplined and grown , was not as rare as you might find it today .
A long time ago , people put in their memory , in providing their minds their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world possible , but they have also changed .
They have changed culturally , and I would say that they 've changed us also cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where people are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory is this unique , unique memory competition .
It 's actually not so unique ; there are competencies like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : it 's going to be that brains somehow , structural or <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually , not .
There was no really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they were looking at numbers , expensive faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions are <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they used to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The space of competitive memorization is driving as an armed career where every year comes together with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of competitors should get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented , which only he dominates .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> binary digits .
<unk> . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , it 's absolutely all techniques that are used at the end of the way that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It 's shown with a fancy paradox , as the <unk> paradox .
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who told him that his name is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who told her work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember , that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name is , it does n't really mean anything for you . There 's no relationship to you .
With all the other memories that dance for his head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' -- we know it .
They 're wearing <unk> white hats .
They have flour in hands .
They go back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when I was doing that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> in some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this two two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palazzo of memory . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who attended a potluck .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't get to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , he had his memory poem , and left , and so soon it was , the potluck collapsed room .
By killing them .
But not only killed everybody , but it shattered the bodies to <unk> .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So they could n't be able to <unk> them .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only a single survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes and realized that with his mind eyes , I could see where I had been sitting there .
I took the <unk> family to the <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> noticed at the moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it is that no matter whether we 're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions by word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If you let me tell you that the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you were to say , who was sitting on the horse brown speaker in his lobby , they would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> and <unk> is the image , the more haunting being .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do that , in the same way that I would have faked it if they 'd been invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine coming in your house , and seeing the <unk> of <unk> over Mr . Ed .
And that 's what you 'd remember , you want to introduce Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that anecdote as they want to count .
And then they fly in the kitchen , and the fourth subject that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you to remember it .
So it 's like the Roman speakers will have their speeches , no word by word , that will confuse you , but typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath from when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this sort of spatial terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got out of full of it .
I went to some of these competitive contests , and I had the idea of writing something long about this competitive competitive subculture of memory .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
So seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests , I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone would fall in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was <unk> fun .
I would never expect it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training memory .
What it 's really about doing is to improve the ability to create and to imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some safety glasses covered with tape , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could type in , in a kind of participatory participatory experiment .
I thought this could be a good postscript to all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , which did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice , of course , power to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build your memory shells or memorize <unk> from cards , and to benefit with a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory , as if it was an absolute gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories have been educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palazzo of memory -- these memory techniques , are only shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make any of us .
They 're going to get a kind of profound processing , a kind of complete <unk> , that most of them are not <unk> around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what we 're already willing to lose out of what is our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around . We 're going to be so sophisticated that we do n't even have to be able to get ourselves into depth ?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory skills in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that remembers to remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex subject , so we just put together just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm a Jersey filmmaker , I was six years old and lived there at my parents ' home in a village called <unk> , and this was my child as a child .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that shared my sister .
And , between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And so I 'd all spent the time watching TV . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everybody would see me , and every time I stood up and I would go back into one towel , everybody would see me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
He hated that tour , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not math , or division of areas , but those visceral and emotional connections that we feel in places that we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Now architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I 'm showing you a building like this , I know what it is to you : they think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know you think about it because it 's based on a building building and 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is frightening .
It 's costly , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
This is the <unk> Library of <unk> that ended in 2004 , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which leave you <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , to the other side of the country , got another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we used the media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both these so-called libraries are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new realities , new solutions for the forms of life today .
<unk> , we 'll sort of shake it so much , that we get completely away from the people .
All of the black , this is depressing . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we do n't have any other option .
We need to go to the other side and connect with those symbols appreciated .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're going to turn the pendulum back , and we do swing the pendulum forward , over and over again . We 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's take the pendulum on the other direction .
We take those forms we know that we like and <unk> them .
And we got neon and we added cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets , we turned them into skyscrapers , and we made them into skyscrapers , which can be recycled <unk> of glass .
The shapes go out , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
<unk> .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time on commercial malls , moving to the neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Perhaps with endless sticks sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , <unk> memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum swing in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
You know , the symbols of historical symbols -- we now have new design techniques , and we find ourselves new compositions , a few ways that we 're facing against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , of Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics , academics and public in general , they were completely according to a building .
The New York Times <unk> is a miracle building .
The tourism in Bilbao increased a 2,500 percent when they ended the building .
So all of a sudden everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first <unk> star .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same mayors did the major mayors in the world .
So they all believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium happened with other architects architects .
And I went to drama and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new millennium threshold , actually started to pass through all the architecture . The digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how do we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked to the next village to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers from architecture , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It does n't just be accurate to think of a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before we know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found ourselves buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , or steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is , when the media applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster to be in both extreme extreme extremes , and it will effectively be the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that was burned .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building would end up the building , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to get and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did from the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , you turn into part of the personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think for a second in those librarians in <unk> .
If that building was built today , we were first to the Internet in search for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , about innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's what they 're like .
They can lead to mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell them that there 's no unique answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives you the freedom of experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use complicated words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience that does n't embrace something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you 're not allowed to intimidate ourselves for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , of one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems that society faces .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical brick historical brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be addressed to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking car garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River River , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , is no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this small <unk> pavilion , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to be seen .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what it matters is what we build .
Architects know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to do it .
Finally , we 're no longer opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot to play .
Buildings do n't just reflect our society , but they give it way to the smallest spaces -- the local libraries , the homes , where we formed our children , and the step in the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned on a year and started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is look at the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves these large , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and it made me think , when did you stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , he 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , only wants to be dear and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
You 're preparing for the next week at school .
It 's a bit of fear , it 's a little confused , because even though his mom tells him all the time she 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends , or fellow school says , he does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it does a video of her , he publishes it on YouTube , and she calls others who please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or Am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , which gets these answers into one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is leading to do this ?
Well , teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , `` <unk> , '' saying , `` I like that , '' commenting , sharing , publishing , this is never over .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that 's going from hand with that are just relentless .
This environment , of being always connected to our children based on the number of `` liking '' that they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it 's real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers by girls ' news now .
It <unk> <unk> to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like , # <unk> , # <unk> , and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are compared to .
But the guys are also not immune to this .
Like the ones of the superheroes of the sports stars , and the singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow a healthy person , and they 're all good enough .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and effort on their appearance , to the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies , and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of 10 girls will prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see enough enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and as contributors to society and to the field of working development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to participate in the classroom of classroom , because they do n't want to call attention for their physical appearance .
One in five will not come to class at all over the days when you do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a note on the average note from your peers who do n't care about appearance .
And this phenomenon is pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it gives you regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see yourself , not of how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Now , adolescents who are having less of physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in more diet that they can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're easier for the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think this is why they make more far-fetched decisions , like alcohol and drug consumption , diet , aesthetic surgery , aesthetic ties to early ages and no protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health system , and our government costs to billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they are overweight again , regardless of whether or not they have a higher rates of rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in one day where they do n't feel safe in the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be like ?
This potential is interest in every one of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , not realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only having a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are crucial points for anyone who are willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but facing this problem requires every one of us to take the reins on the issue and be a better role model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of the women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the input of our politicians in slices of hair or the size of their breasts , or the <unk> of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start looking at people who are , not as they see .
All of us can start by making responsibility for the type of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions , not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who actually make a pedestal on a pedestal .
And to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them out of the big screen , because we just will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe they see that they 're never aware of being the ones who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
A daughter ?
A friend ? Her friend ?
Could it be just the woman who 's two seats remote . What would it mean for her if it was released from that voice <unk> inside , that he 's haunted by no longer legs , no longer legs , a more thin belly , foot smaller ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and we would unlock their potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us back to all .
But let 's turn our kids to the truth .
I think the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they do , and as they make us feel .
They 're going to drive into the rsums in our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we 're talking about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of today , becoming safe change agents in themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Rabbi <unk> , the League of Defense League to <unk> .
And I was initially terrified was innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started plotting to attacks from about 12 icons of New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were going to lie by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 pump in the World Trade Center , could not be avoided .
Later it was convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , elementary school teacher . In the two , they did everything for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even the majority of Muslims , they get to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , you do n't need a lot to get to really wish the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are going to be so excited to get their convictions that thinks we have to use all possible means that they all live like them .
A few months before arrest himself sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to shot training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at the <unk> launch <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was by taking up by the FBI .
When I got to <unk> , my father helped me support the rifle on his shoulder , and explained to me how to point at about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot the little red light on the target and , to surprise , especially mine , all the goal burst out .
My uncle became the others and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny about .
They saw me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later they would be convicted of putting a <unk> <unk> with 700 kilos of explosives in the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and wounded other 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to an uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved to me 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone , it was time to pack and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , it was a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , it was going on at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , it did n't develop social skills , to speak very gently , to grow <unk> , not prepared for the real world .
I was raised by how people judge , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they had tested me , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program where I participated at the National National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group became the subject of juvenile violence , because I had been a <unk> victim , almost my whole life , was something I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had friendship , was a Jew .
It took several days to go out to light this little detail , and I realized that there was no animosity .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been thought to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught to me that <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By accident , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics who had seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy for others ' suffering , but it was n't easy for me to treat a kind of nice , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
For that feeling , I was able to contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how to be homosexual , but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart was reminded me intellectually , I was intellectually , and helped me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal figure at a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with my eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough to <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy it is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who is a day to take the violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which even though I became this violent ideology , I did n't get to make me a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do this for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , I 'm going to speak against those no sense , as rejection by the actions of my father .
With this simplicity , I have a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , which children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
At this point there 's a film that is projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's 3D and it 's got <unk> of what you hear , and you see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood that project to your eyes .
And it 's constantly having a voice , superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The film heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths to be human .
Every one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least I know I have an awareness of it .
I 'm not sure you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it is the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these inner films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 're going to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , you know that vision .
psychology was studying objectively I was studying objectively I studied objectively a objectively studied brain , but never ever mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED began , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , it all started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's the moment for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real bang , a budding of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of thing in the fantastic work that I introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness , and the questions about what certain areas of the brain and what it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no problem with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the core mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon as traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
<unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how they operate the jams , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about the objective operation .
That might be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how do we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have much to say .
I am a <unk> scientific materialistic .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in your heart terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that was n't working for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to tell us at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; the physics explains the chemistry , the chemistry explains biology , biology explains a part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness right now is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective movie includes sort of a illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , the brain behaviors , and so you study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and many others , that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time we have left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental building blocks : space , time and mass .
We are fundamental laws that govern govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes , the fundamental list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electric charge as a fundamental concept that these govern laws .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas that we have , space , time , mass , charge , then by a matter of logic , you have to eat the list .
The most natural would be to run awareness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not a science .
It opens the way to scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , processes , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want very simple laws that we can control them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find very simple laws that we can get them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called `` Pan '' for everybody , `` Pan '' by the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when they say , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some <unk> element , subjective <unk> , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How did someone think something so crazy ?
Some of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
Now , one deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that are going to challenge thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness to information .
Whenever there is information processing , it 's consciousness .
Very complex <unk> , as in a human being , a complex consciousness .
Simple information , simple awareness .
Something really exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a math measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the extent of information integrated into a system .
And they 're supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's an average degree of information integration , just as significant , level of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will be a different level of consciousness .
In fact , it gives a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of consciousness , high level of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate the awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying the underlying reality .
As Stephen Hawking says , `` Where does the fire come out ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be allowed to be , but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is n't found out of the physical world as an additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to alter our relationship with nature , and it can have quite social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think that by thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral assumptions , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for awareness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated , integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are rather serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and <unk> ethics .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of full collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or a local level , an integrated group , as the audience in a TED Talk , and at this point we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole group of TED , different from the movies within each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you need to be serious .
So this <unk> view , is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually more confident about the first crazy idea , which consciousness is something fundamental , that the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how these little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a serious awareness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we finally will find it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I 'm going to tell myself with my friends , I 'm going to get married with my younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , one member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get to a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has nothing done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile at my mother 's hair hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the `` <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of the teaching at a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the class of 11 studies , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about America 's law for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchairs , they talk about things going on school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabilities like inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not a guy 's fault , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and you 're probably waiting to inspire them . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid of <unk> dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've lied to us relative to disability .
Yes , you 've been sold to the lie that disability is a bad , a capital capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lies through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl , drawing with a pencil held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because he would give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we will be aware of the disabled to the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is inspire , to motivate them , to be able to see them and think , `` Well , for really bad that it 's my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost account of the number of times that I 've been approached by strangers , to express that they think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen before my job had a public profile .
It was as if I was going to stand up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are facing people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
You 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
I 'm going to give you some things .
But the things we do n't know are the things that you might think .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled '' term , deliberately because I 'm going to tell you called the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very upset with him .
The things that I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside .
They 're just using their bodies pulling out the best of their ability .
So , is it really just <unk> in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they 've been sold to this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here with inspiration , and you think , `` For God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I find other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more fortunate than them .
Now , I learn that this is a great idea to use some barbecue <unk> to pick up the things that they fall into me . I learn the ingenious trick of how to load your cell phone battery on the chair battery .
Great .
We learn about the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that is lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles on a stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not show up the subtitles for the deaf people .
There 's also a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it triggers a positive attitude to turn all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' not considered to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to get away from the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you believe to know about what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without charge ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'll just answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't bother .
When people think of augmented reality , thinks in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> my hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : the Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to figure it out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what is running through the game to 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds <unk> us , trying to push him with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you , it 's nothing nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology is a sub going up to the surface . But we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . Let 's run a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that you have people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from Washington University .
<unk> de field : Mice 54 ! Test 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , going to be their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , and you can see from the angle of a field of field .
Or is a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go out of full ? How do we get it to the next level ?
We took it to that level , using something called the Rift Rift , which surely many of you know .
The Great Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to play playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster fearing for his life .
What 's going to be a fan of a fan when you write a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , using a <unk> with the arm before running and doing an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I can be able to get her running out of the court , throw the ball on the bottom of the network , or you 'll make a Wimbledon for a Wimbledon ?
What 's your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour like an Olympic skier ?
Maybe they 're going to take diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners to see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> into his field <unk> so that he played faster .
They won Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , NFL put radios on the helmets of <unk> in the field <unk> and then on the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to his group and you see his next game , in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you put in front of you , you wo n't have to worry about forgetting a game .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they miss games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a better strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve the game .
How would it be done ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people down .
You also get information from the headset sensors and <unk> , something that 's already working .
And all of that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have overhead information overhead .
This is going to happen to good teams of the bad guys .
So , your computer equipment will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
They 're also for athletes as well . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field <unk> .
We would get the ball and get it off .
It 's going to be an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Usually , you would n't really see it , but the <unk> system will come in .
They 'll get to the protection area .
Another flashlight will tell you that there 's an open-source receiver .
You get down the ball .
and the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land . However , the receiver sees it in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming up , he 's catching the ball , runs and Ushahidi .
The audience goes crazy , and the fans have continued to play it from every angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game .
So I 'll get lots of people to see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is , we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our habitual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , to be somewhere else 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for you .
It generates billions of revenue per year .
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions are from a victim perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay person in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being pursued ?
How much is it also for an Hadfield <unk> or a Neil <unk> telling a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality is about .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in <unk> <unk> in California .
Most of those 23 years ago , I spent the country moving south of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known as a world of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer chief who would build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is virtually to test suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from his openness , over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge .
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will bring it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , so that each one of him releases from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that pass below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which are <unk> vital organs .
Most of the impact .
Those who do n't , normally , in the water , helpless , and then they drown .
I do n't think those who were going to be able to perform this suicide method realize the death of the death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of steel parallel to the bridge .
This is where most people have been to before they get their lives out .
I can tell you with experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the darker time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talking to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that it was successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who were killing suicide , but the officers as well .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , government officials and psychologists train train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met this July 22 of last year when you get a call of a possible subject of suicide sitting in the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason speaking with a Golden Gate bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old and he 'd flown here from New Jersey .
In fact , he 'd flown up to here twice since New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , I asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
I looked at the Greek mythology , <unk> created to Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few <unk> points , leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy from New Jersey had just taken away life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Some of suicide damage affects a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or a beloved suicide ?
What would you say ?
Let 's figure out what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just talk , but you have to listen .
So , listen to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or say to the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point that you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of you can save her life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search for : hopelessness , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to be better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing that you can do about it , and social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite insensitive , but noticing more moments of giving me really realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the match of the 49 <unk> with his father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the <unk> police and reported that night , that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported to me that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves .
Who has n't been before not suffering with real mental illness ?
It should n't be that easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible subject suicide subject on the sidewalk on the north tower near the north tower .
I took my two-wheeler on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , the railing immediately saw the railing , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
During the hour and a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided on his account that day to go back over that lane and give it to life .
And when Kevin came back , I was terrified .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he did to go back and gave you hope and life a chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
And shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that card with me , and I 'd like to get to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase 9/11 events , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin continues on us .
Honestly , I think Kevin were <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly properly .
She brought up to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but , thanks to God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
And thank God for you .
<unk> debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco Hospital , that night , you 're going to <unk> as the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve . ''
Currently , Kevin is a loving father and a active father of the society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspired others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather committed suicide .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , to theft the opportunity to know it .
This is what suicide did .
For most suicide people , or those who consider suicide , would n't think people will hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain .
Usually , this is just done only three ways : sleep or alcohol or death .
In my career I 've responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents where I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
During that time , I was holding hands on three times .
In the final squeeze , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped out .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge do n't kill themselves .
Also , those few people who have jumped on the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave side of the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't just connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everybody and every one of us must have to work for .
suicide can prevent .
There are help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes it be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and a question tells you : How do you become that ?
I have to be a single thing in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I was finally able to get the dream that I had ever had since .
My outside , finally <unk> with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For reason , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` You got ta get it down , you got it , you got it . ''
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We were all facing our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin , or for the beliefs of the people around us .
They 're people who always challenge the status quo , which is accepted accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called the revelation .
This is mine .
I have been recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always wore this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew what I knew then .
Your gender has always been considered a unchanging , but now we know that it 's really more complex and a mysterious thing .
Because of my success , I never had to tell you my story , not because I thought it will be what I 'm bad , but how the world deals with those of us who want to break free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , dad and a family that will embrace me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , a goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me in front of me , and I remember that moment as if I 'm going to ask myself : This is the kind of woman that I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 , when I was 15 , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night she asked me , `` Why have you not involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was going to be over the aftermath of fees and costumes . And that night , I won in a bathroom , won in suit suit , and she was a third finalist between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was within the world of beauty <unk> .
Not many people can say that their first work was queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more important than all of that , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that he passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the U.S .
I stood up to me .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you 're forced to the United States , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested I 'd put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I had my father in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most sophisticated , sophisticated , safe surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary for the surgery before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of `` F '' and `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , your identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who 'd alive his truth , but that , <unk> , he made his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we do a global vigil for the <unk> <unk> of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who were going on and stood at injustice .
This is Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm leaving the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that some day no longer has over 20 in November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you to all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents especially , my family , which is really strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to young young women , who I think , and sometimes when they called me , and they told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , it 's not just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
That is , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , which I 'm trying to do is put on the table , which I 'm trying to do is put on the table , and there should be a space that would allow people to cooperate , and this is a conversation that we should have
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
I should have understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Pretty nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , patriarchal patriarchal societies , in the parents are generally known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who knows about her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 in 2007 , and when he was charged by his efforts in 2011 , the National Prize junior , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of inequality and the exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when at birth a girl , their birth is not celebrates .
It 's not welcome , nor by his father , nor for her mother .
The neighborhood comes up , gives her mother to mother and nobody claimed to parent .
And a mother is overwhelmed with a little girl .
When you give birth to the first girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , she 's <unk> , and , with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left home and school admits his brothers .
Until 12 years in a way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he will prohibit him from his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and her siblings and his family , and if you were to remove the code of that honor of course , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , does n't just affect the life of a girl , it also affects the lives of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is a norm of the most patriarchal societies , which is called obedience .
A good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent , and that accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , it has to embrace it , because it does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` marry , <unk> , '' and then give birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when <unk> was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated by a feisty , very legendary legendary freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , everybody was men , and I grabbed my pen , and I put a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew , when she grew , when she was four and a half and a half years old , he <unk> her in my school .
So you may be wondering , why should I mention a girl 's admission in a school ?
Yes , I have to mention .
They can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for the life of the child .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was able to put out the Canadian diplomatic form , and it was in the relative part to the family , he could n't remember the names of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I 'd never seen the names of my sisters written at any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters , I thought , had to change it .
I used to see the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
He 's got to sit with me when my friends came to me .
He encouraged him to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to get it into their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get them out .
I 've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
His name was <unk> .
That means a complete complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
They talked about <unk> million , but a few talked about , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for their rights .
It 's really terrifying .
At 10 years , I got up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered her same for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October nine of 2012 , they shot him in the head .
It was a day for my family and my family to me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to my wife , and I whispered to my wife , `` I must blame myself for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And she said , `` Please , do n't bother me .
Let 's get a fair cause .
He <unk> your life on the cause of the truth , by the cause of peace , and because of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and he joined .
They were both on the right way and God protect . ''
These few words I 've been doing a lot for me , and I did n't ask again to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe headaches and severe headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that went through the face of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to say , `` I 'm okay with my skewed smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got distracted .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16 year-old girl .
He 's crying when her homework does n't end .
They fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about me mentoring that I 've made so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I do n't ask you what I did .
You know what I did n't do .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was working on the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently , I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a little bit of my office , the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
You 're still just as smart , or not ?
Is n't you , will you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen thousand chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and trying to get them , to stay alive .
More than once I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience to try and get the <unk> dose , because there is no clear map to tell you in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was shocked by looking at how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case , for a few months , I was trying to dose a dose and a typical chemical , and I was surprised by looking at how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met several types of guys , and maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out like one end .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little bit insecure , fixing a problem that had in the front , and simply did n't happen .
So , he could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through .
What I was trying to achieve , when they adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my <unk> of ideas .
I usually think of it almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing ideas and recreating situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes see things like that .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are people asking this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thought and inventive thought .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how I 'm going to get the very quick of these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director were able to use their imagination just to lead the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music from your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like how creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty of doing this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments that are made by two groups leading into neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI , imaging for functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image .
The spinal cord shows the scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right , I created <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero-sum .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost zero-sum .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
So in this experiment , he showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were amputated to create a huge pool of reactions in the brain before the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and meanwhile , it was going to be a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain data in the scan of the scan of the scan , to show what looked like the person was watching .
On the right , you can see the IBM of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This let us tell us .
We 're right near that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create in the brain the same map .
This was done with the <unk> brain scanning systems available today , and their resolution to increase as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introducing electrodes .
I do n't have to offer that .
A lot of people are proposing new projection techniques through images , even I . Tell with the recent MRI result , we should first ask the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the more <unk> magnets just offered small improvements in resolution , not gains for thousands of us as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures in slightly different ways , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> , smart , bright solutions in coding and brightest and <unk> , in the transmitters and often FM radio systems in MRI .
At once , instead of a uniform field , we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FM radio .
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of FM and FM radio processing , we can increase the massive form of information that can be extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into direct media to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few options more than opening up this door .
Anyway , choose a year , will it happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet may be telling you to some person for the first time that loves him or tell someone she 's pregnant , or telling someone who has cancer , or any other tough conversation that you 've gone through in life .
Everything else is a hard conversation , and although our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of being lived and have gone out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
A lot of years ago , I was working in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be analyzing that because of the <unk> of my feet , and I had <unk> my head recently , asked me a little kid , `` Hey , are you a boy or a girl ? ''
And he would find awkward silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little more , I would take my coffee with a leave of rage .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and they 're going to fall inside .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was three and 10 years ago , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised you that next time I would say something .
I would n't have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready and I was about to walk into the female issues at the table . I had the dates for Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even a piece of `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed up .
So I took a deep breath and my back , a girl four years old with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a feminist challenge , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got around her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the little hair , like a boy , and you see a kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
Well , I 'm more than a kind of girl in a comfortable pajama . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and it 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Oh , while you 're a girl . ''
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the toughest conversation of everybody ever had .
And why ? Because the child 's girl and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You only know how one feels in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you 100 reasons why I get out of my closet , and it was more difficult to get out of his own , but this is the thing : it 's hard not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has imposed on a flat banking is harder than telling him it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is harder to tell you about your five year-old son that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only hard .
We have to stop classifying what 's hard about what it 's hard for the other person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our Rovers , and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I had a horse tail , a <unk> and <unk> shoe shoes .
I was not supposed to fight for any four-year-old child who would walk into coffee .
I was frozen in the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and I 'll move only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever had .
My family , my friends , a whole strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint , and now the world was turned around to purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't throw that grenade , kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade was at my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many people knew that I was gay , and when I do , I was gay , and I walked around the <unk> and <unk> , and I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who knew me did years ago .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane . ''
And the battle of the gay storytelling had started .
`` <unk> , ever you were in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having a bride . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace and Grace .
And you know who you love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite one . ''
And then a woman , puzzling out , but waiting for me to try his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to tell you where you felt .
It 's not really hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else is you can ask someone , but do you work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for what you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still without being my strong point .
Ask anyone that I had out .
But I 'm getting better , and I 'm still what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Turn your armor . Be yourself .
That little girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , you have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be right . Just <unk> . <unk> your patches .
If you know they 're gay , you know .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they would maintain the hope that that could change .
Do n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more important -- let the complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get distracted by that .
And some of you can get hurt safe , let 's say , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you may be disappointed , but that 's something about them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find it in a dark closet , a grenade got a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And it may be very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
And what is that ?
If you look at the history of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think of as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of computer pioneers as a Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
So first we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth and no intelligence on Earth , but have incredible telescopes , and you can see Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that that 's why we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race who does n't know anything about this , that he has no concept about the Earth 's intelligence , they would have been forced to develop a physical theory that explained how to , until a certain time in time , the asteroids that were going to promote the surface of a planet refused to do it .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I studied a variety of topics through science , through various disciplines , which pointed at , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be covered in constantly setting up to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will promote the diversity of future possible .
Finally , in robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage robots ' skills to maximize future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and putting them together , I asked , I asked , a number of years ago : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize future freedom of action .
It acts for maximize the future freedom of action , or maintaining the open options , with a force you , with the diversity of alternative accessible , yes , to an impending future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep it open .
And so , having in account this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you get the level of human intelligence ?
Will artificial intelligence affect ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology has suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy '' in their life should be tendency to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection between the entropy and intelligence will be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not just correlated with production of long-term entropy , but actually arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy long-term in any system that you find in .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of human intelligence , and even make money trading money , all of it without having been allowed to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a standing human standing , you see , here we see balancing balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave him a goal .
He just decided to balance the post .
This ability to balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite extremes of one rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity for cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see successfully playing a real pong game against itself , making your potential for play .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where our friends are constantly hanging out and keeps the grid well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> to organize the paths of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , using the Panama Canal to expand globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in terms of autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of negotiation negotiation , successfully increasing assets under its exponentially .
This risk skill will have broad applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all of them from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term of this robot , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we were going to make smart machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
The machines were lifted up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than the other way .
Another important implication is the pursuit of objective .
I often ask you , `` How do you look for goals ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them to understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we have expanded our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is just one between billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the <unk> light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and a cat like the Earth 's land planets , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Once , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we find this treasure of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on a global scale have moved through our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not an astronomer or astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as a very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further from the Sun , it might be considered a <unk> world that 's potentially shown this for a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' track its surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites orbiting satellites like the <unk> mission , they take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its <unk> .
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these images are reminded us of our planet of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have gone to colonize , places really compared to Mars .
Even in the more dry and higher places on Earth , the air is fresh , and full of oxygen followed by our forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars and other planets will drag them a big , sad shadow , and the belief is the implication and the belief that Mars will expect there to save us from the only little planet that we know that it 's truly habitable , the Earth .
So , as long as I like my exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguarding humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party will actually have place later on the <unk> . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and terrestrial preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually expensive to the same currency , the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just getting closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment , the Fermi paradox .
A lot of years ago , the physicist Enrico Fermi said , `` To realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life until now .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider continue to live in living among the stars , they lose the notion of how important the origin of the planets were going to develop .
It 's <unk> to think that just colonization is going to save us from ourselves , but the planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to identify the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm going to tell you my own house .
And while I was on the front porch by looking at my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the table at the dining table , where I had left them .
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all right .
I thought I would call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from Jeff 's friend to spend night , because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I took myself from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd walk around .
I 'm a profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases your heart rate , regulating your adrenaline levels and <unk> your thinking .
And when I got to the car counter counter , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in their place , which will avoid bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you will make the likelihood that it 's a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts did n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , and a little embarrassed , and a little embarrassed , he talked about he broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared me who had been practicing something called retrospective <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
They all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong , next , try to figure out what can you do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
In the house , I 'll take a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds kind of common sense and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , where the fish are , where the tribes live in and our enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was embedded in the drivers of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , they cut their sense of squirrels and yet they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move a lot , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing your car keys , reading control and passports .
So at home , I 'm going to make a place for the keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading control , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're <unk> with it your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take with your cell phone a picture of your credit card , license driving , passport , <unk> by mail so that they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can enable substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that low stress will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there is perhaps not more stressful things that when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from the fact that you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the physician says , `` I 've gotten the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having a high cholesterol is not the best , then the physician says , `` I 'd like to make you a drug that will help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most skilled drugs in the world today . Even you 're likely to know people who take them .
So you 're like , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for most of the doctors do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or you have to have surgery in any medical procedure before you get to a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me if he did n't help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the doctor 's fault , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to deal with the most widely prescribed <unk> , which do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of <unk> researchers , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke , or any events .
Now , you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol will lower my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Let 's get the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistical statistic , and it is , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produce five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating to muscle and articulate , GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember that under stress , you do n't think of clarity .
So , think about how you do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning thinking about the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about if you want the risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air because of the crash value , but actually this needs to deal with is quite typical .
For the surgery that more people are done in the older men of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number you need to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helpless , erectile disfunction , urinary incontinence , chemical incontinence , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only take one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can argue about the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , do you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they 're talking about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change the warmth of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face faces with a predator , does n't need the digestive system , or the libido , or the immune system , because if your body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react quickly . They could be the lunch of lions , so nothing about it matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes out of the window during those moments of stress is the rational thought , like , Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to this kind of situation .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are failing .
We 're all going to fail once .
The idea is to think about the future , how they might be those bugs , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent things wrong in the first place .
He <unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination along the door , with a key door in the front door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing very gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never let it be a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American American system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over over the 1800s , and over time , I mixed up with local signs , and it developed the language that we know about as <unk> .
So , it 's a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , are really in my mind every day .
As a person deaf that lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , learning , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers , and they amplify the sound .
So I learn , and I 'm studying that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise by eating the potato chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure no scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this sound tag .
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for nervousness the sound , which is about coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through <unk> and spots .
In the culture are deaf , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' sign in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , I 'm doing it with my thumb like that , and it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Am I going to get away more than art ?
I realized it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know so well that it does n't only experiment through your ears .
I can feel it properly , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that they had taught me about sound , I decided to leave and let it go .
I started to create a new job .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention I received .
I realized sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener person .
And sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> and my artwork , or I could empower .
I chose I 'm going to tell you .
There is a massive culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to society 's eyes is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me to support the same and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers from <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
I help you meet .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> his voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I might be able to fit it into oblivion and not have any social value .
So with sound as my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express it fully on paper .
And the same can be said of a concept in <unk> .
Both are very <unk> and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds of the sound .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you get a better sense of how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you add a different parameter for each finger while the piano is playing the piano , as the facial expression , the body 's movement , the shape of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so , as the piano is playing , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to take one key at the same time
However , the <unk> is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in the time to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it creates a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens to music in terms of tone and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' signal .
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm seeing you .
Yellow .
Oh , I 'm terrified .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and take it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is all day .
If you put it down and slow it down , visually , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel the same thing for the night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how distance your body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` Last '' -- `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time , `` Once again . ''
`` A common time '' is a musical term with a <unk> rate of four times per foot .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically , I think at the same time .
See <unk> : right hand , E : left one .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , <unk> limb ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ Time , ] [ unclear ] , I 'm going to show you a form of the hand called a flashlight .
Can you do that with me ?
Everybody with the hands .
Now we 're going to do so much in the head like my chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` love in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and sign language around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means colonization .
Now , the third . Please follow me follow .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and chest . But they get very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it automatically does n't have social value .
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn a lot , and you do n't have to hear about learning .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents said to me , `` You can get everything , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence , or a bubble of ignorance I should say , because the adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I learned that the adults also <unk> and not very good at cleaning the others .
The time I spent , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk around the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also too expensive to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table , so that the kids who are very privileged to be able to participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to push them into something that we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , only information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get excited about robots .
And then we just started what we call `` a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that 's moving slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating along slowly through the sensor , while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
I would take this step into a website for inventors called `` human-like '' with the hope that someone gets even more positive feedback .
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , you 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years old , cleaning up an oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were really surprised because this is the water that drink , is the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil are also brown and when all of them mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
And we built a first prototype of an antiangiogenic , which can be <unk> through all sorts of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We got this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
And I can investigate a distance from a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half French and French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that we had triggered several giant waves , called tsunamis tsunamis , and those tsunamis avoid several cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people were killed in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear station close to the water .
And today , according to the reports on average of 300 tons , they 're still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces from <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone from the Japanese coast , and the majority , of course , looks safe , is blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash , and researching other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents allowed them .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with her whole life .
Together with them we talked about the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we introduced pigment to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
We were able to notice that the radioactive powder is filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , closest to the middle station , to date .
We get close to a mile from the nuclear station , and with the help of fishermen in the area , we were looking at sediments from the sea floor with a sediment of sediment as we invented and built .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it has been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became so small so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and convert it into the larger space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults , and kids can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to make the next generation to be concerned about the environment and the people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights being free .
The <unk> was the only <unk> tool .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we bring all the information that for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world , made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back is thicker with little pores .
You act mainly like filter , the other mostly like barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary its functionality through variation with variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect to work now between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , is shown at the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible to do this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where we have four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , a large scale , like this robotic arm with an scope of 24 meters in diameter with a base that is not very far not so far to print entire buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made out of genetically modified microorganisms .
Here we have <unk> the latticework on , an archetype of the old Arab architecture , and it 's created a screen where every opening is very large to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we 're exploring the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made of one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing collaborator <unk> , we print this layer and a 3D skirt between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner in <unk> .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and to synthetic instruments , allows them to design products that are attached to not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the time , comfortable , and also it absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , like in nature , varies its functionality not by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately the material ownership .
But is it the ideal nature ?
No parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me of the Hebrew Bible stories , and one of them came to me and he got to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a little tree loaded of fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches and leaves and fruits .
All the tree was fruit .
Instead , the land made growing trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be if the objects were made from one piece ?
<unk> a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree with fruit , and we found it .
The second <unk> <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons of tons , each year by organisms , as shrimp , crabs , scorpions , and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune in their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it <unk> legal . We were asking a lot of shrimp hulls , <unk> and produced toothpaste .
We 've collected chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple nozzles in controlled <unk> .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one , 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it 's allowed to dry it up to find a natural way in contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the print process was used to contain microorganisms microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , they monitored genetically to capture rapid carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without <unk> problems , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A tree , <unk> fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp hulls in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , raise the marine life , and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the ability to create clothing to keep life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to master the bacteria and control its flow .
So , as the periodic table , we did our own elements of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made additive and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only rather than <unk> metals , new biological functionalities are synthesized within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We took our own 3D channels to control the flow of these crops , liquids .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
She lives in our oceans and the fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
It turns light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces <unk> biofuels .
But these two micro-organisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not natural selection , but evolution by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles to the digestive tract , which will help flow of these bacteria and you 'll get your function on the way .
So we began to grow those channels in the human body , and we would promote the properties of the material that we wanted .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , if we wanted more transparent channels .
This portable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , takes 60 feet .
This is half the length of a soccer field , and 10 times more than our intestine thin intestine .
And here it is , as here is TED at TED , our first wearable liberties , bright liquids channels in their clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are last creatures of fashion , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would take our skin , do we respond to damaged tissue and raise our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
For now , you know that a 3D printer prints material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they were staying .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , it 's two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this is all over scales .
The silk worm first goes on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to get a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to better understand how this complex process works , we attach a little magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would take a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
Often , the silk worms are often taken away from the silk worms to the death within their cocoons , their silk is fixed and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can form a form of raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we actually climb this process up to architectural scale .
We had a robot that 's going to do with silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going into more dark and cold , so we use a solar path diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing the silk worms of the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We 're doing 4,000 silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were ready to get up with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom ridge of scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , they put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Dai Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
As you get biological silk , about <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion in his own .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 4,000 silk worms mile miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
So moths , after <unk> , they produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk guy through a robotic arm , the other full gap .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new design era , a new era of creation , which leads us from a design inspired in nature to a inspired nature of design , which demands for us , for the first time , making us charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were asked for the first time ?
You can <unk> them with your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if you say , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
They 've caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was not that I did n't have any interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and new websites , and I was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is not a challenge anymore , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I got stuck with something else , which is completely different , and I 'm going to get myself into it , and I 'm going to leave you , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and let 's call them <unk> .
Another reason I had so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad in me was not going to do anything .
I was worried to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you to have raised me then .
Ask yourself , where you learned to allocate meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned it from culture .
You ask ourselves first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
I 'm about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about that age .
It 's considered a naive issue to make nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
You know , you know , you know , you know , the disguise suit here .
So this question is done over and over as we grow up in various forms , <unk> . It 's an example of a high school students , and they ask you to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It 's about being the nice exercise of before what we take away sleep .
Why ?
If this issue is inspired by children to dream about what they might be , it 's not inspired to dream about everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though you 're rather well-intentioned and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a portfolio of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's artisan and violins .
And this Ng , editor of books turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The whole notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel it alone .
You can feel it has no goal .
And feel there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath like that .
It could help if you divide it up in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that you can use the same idea as a scholar , you know , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine with multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
<unk> any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests in cartography , visualization data , travel and mathematics and design , to found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically geographically .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this idea this unique idea of her eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
The innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where the new ideas come from .
And <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we were interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , for having been a lot of times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a whole <unk> and independent writer .
As a child , pianist was refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> known .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to do what you 're attracted to , even if they 're going down .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could not have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , other people , <unk> pages , sometimes a Kickstarter , and sometimes he thought , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take on different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> out of ideas , rapid learning of ideas and adaptability : three abilities that are very adept at , and three skills that you could lose if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , is multidimensional right now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They come out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams get up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that will engage with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , you know , it 's a lot of them going to encourage them to just hope that they 're just more like their specialized teammates .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to take care of all the media .
That 's where you will give the best of yourself .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with your many passions .
Keep your curiosity for those <unk> from the rabbit .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads to a happier and happier life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
Over the year 1901 , a woman called <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> it , but she would rotate by it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , they found strange plates and it showed up in the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more surprising .
If you were going to have been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than that he was doing 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since funds have moved a lot .
You 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it 's been progress in treatment of Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affect 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're waiting to live until 85 or more , the chance to get Alzheimer 's almost one in two .
In other words , there is the probability that you 're going to spend your years to get Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's cost for 200 billion dollars per year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs need a increase in five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one you can not prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and cause a large number of people like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should : Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everybody , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you just look at a picture of a healthy old brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer 's disease to see the physical damage caused by this disease .
And also to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's reduces intense life expectancy and is always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and it leaks away from the <unk> brain a century ago .
For about a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are being punched .
And when it folds down well , these light points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of them are holding out on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules they stick into each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this leaks .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are lots of steps , and identifying what step is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
You know , you can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that blocks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , it has been reduced by the wires and waiting for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , a geneticist , physicists , physicists and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop this disease .
Let me show you some of our latest results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick to each other within them , as humans in humans .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but the research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can get it down .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have headline more research and practiced pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late '80s .
We see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers for loved ones , and night , they 're often too much <unk> to go out and advocate for the change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimers is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , which can not create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to test it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will be destroyed to become 36 more and more personal questions , and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you would get to someone else ?
And just ?
You need to have <unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- Tell your partner what you like from him or her -- I know very honest about this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just known .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had been married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I was able to test this study , with somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you probably probably ask yourself , `` continue together ?
And the reason I think they challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over again in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before he was published the paper was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd be able to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably about thousands of views .
And that came up with a relatively new burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and this was a Saturday , and this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I 've already called the Today Show , and the Good <unk> America .
In one month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage confidence , on very romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that <unk> life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : Do you still get together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Do you still get together ? ''
several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I was immediately red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to sit comfortable with it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine Valentine 's experiences , who included the experiences of readers to test the study on them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we were both doing a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and he refused to break orders for us two .
I think he was afraid of becoming the icons <unk> of the <unk> process , a range of the way that I did n't feel at all qualified at all .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it was really working : I mean , if I was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months ago , and I felt , especially , that people asked the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and they would tell you ?
If the answer was no , I would do the experience of doing these 36 , less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997 , and there , the researcher 's goal was not to make romantic love .
Rather than that , I was looking for innovators between university students , using what Aron Aron called <unk> <unk> , progressive , progressive , progressive , reciprocal <unk> .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer after doing that , and many later studies also used the protocol <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid shape of creating trust and interaction interaction .
They 've used it among the police members and the community , and they 've used it among people of different political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately he never was published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He looked puzzled about it .
And I said , `` You want to say that you would get from the person who did you do it ? ''
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , `` But got better friends ? ''
Did you feel like they were able to get better know after the study ?
He did .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult breakup .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was supposed to pretty much my entire adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I went into science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that it could sort of hold the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time , I thought I just did for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if they built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like I was then .
And this whole knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more trust to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than I 'm reasonably to demand myself .
What I 'm looking for about love is a warranty , not only being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but I will still be loved for the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to make anything at risk implicit , and this is a very appealing story , because in love with us feeling beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story of the story that the question is : Do you still get together ?
And their content with a reply or not .
So more than a question , I would propose we ask ourselves more difficult questions , questions like , how do you decide who your love deserves and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live in doubt about your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think it 's a good start to have a more reflective conversation on what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship to my relationship , it 's this -- a year ago , a known one and I applied a study to create romantic love , we fell in love , even following together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper I wrote : `` Love did n't happen .
They fell in love , because we took the election choice .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't thought everything that that choice was supposed to be .
And I did n't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions , I have chosen to love someone as generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe my life is looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I came up like a <unk> of the forest .
And the city of New York does a time ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I would give you a dollar bill , a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoids or a alien aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 'll find out how our species will come up with ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
And anyway , he 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point , I was in Hawaii , I like to go from excursion and surfing and all those weird stuff -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> named Agnes Martin , and I wrapped it up in resin and a bee got stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid to bees , and it 's <unk> them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking it could be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it increased the size of it , as if it was that I would slow the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I got to draw around the objects , and I realize that God I can draw in space .
I can flow out of <unk> , draw the same thing that you do about a dead body on the crime scene .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of all invented invented .
First , a <unk> -- that you might have an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was so much fun to draw in the wall of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I was interested in the human form , and it sculptures of natural resin with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass sheets , just like the drawing in a window , and then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my piece of work with something really big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by `` The Garden of delight '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
Five meters long .
It 's double , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with the heads of animal heads travel between two worlds .
You 're going from the world of representation , to this analog mesh underworld where they are hidden .
Here 's where creatures with the head of animals are headed to the beacon , ready to kill them in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> Act -- the shelter for Osama bin Laden , there 's all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while by the other hand .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems a mythological thing that keeps the Earth and the cosmos on balance .
So this is a aspect of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , like a bird peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail long of a snake tail that binds to `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail turn on fire by <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in an <unk> balloon of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It brings me up to the time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a file of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts like a kind of file in a form of human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they divide , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's being taken .
Each one is basically a microscope array that weighs 1,300 kilos with a human trapped inside .
This is a little cave cave .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> it .
I 'm going to get you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and that you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating with each other .
There are some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called JAWS <unk> .
In this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a musician , a musician , a musician , a radio boards , a museum , a <unk> arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
And we put the box up and all the people inside hits each other like particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you suggest that it 's and the box that you 're living with .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of the countries , from the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts from the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't begin to exchange those things with sweetness , and cure all of us will die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when it hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But for this pill , it has effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug that actually <unk> it in the body .
The underdog , however , is that by <unk> any drug that 's gone away .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the number of viruses in blood , and increase the count of cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes you to get into the blood current , it 's going to be <unk> , and worse for the time that it takes me to get to your destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV tank .
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is sitting idle , and it does n't go easily in the bloodstream of patients that are matched to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drugs that we have today 's treatment for life , they run oral <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we do the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert on lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for wounds and diabetes surgery , can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open , or drill extremely small holes , which open and closed almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little bit powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug at microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this in vitro technology , or in Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , it 's our laser , we will make an incision on the area of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly in the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the complete eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying local armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militias .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators from violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to the confrontation of nonviolent confrontation .
I do a field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is a key to solving all conflict in course , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute in states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and non-governmental actors .
For example , the <unk> peace agreements in 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up in a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , even we have to engage them or engage in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies do not connect .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent Living against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We <unk> a complex communication machinery : radio channels , television channels , Internet channels and social networking sites .
And here 's ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising without looting , but by cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something else : create stronger bonds with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , they put in professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide -- security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an extinct Afghanistan , the war , or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can be understood also the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated high-level price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , electoral victory of 2006 can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we only think of the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow up because they fill out gaps , left government , and emerge like armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and the more sophisticated these organizations are , we can less than we can do it as opposed to a state .
How would a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of a territory , you run all their functions , collect the garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebellious group ?
Or maybe it 's another thing , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nations with no state and hybrids , and the weaker people are the states , like in the Middle East , more intervene , and they fill that gap into non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in no military tools .
And we had a government vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to set up and put peace together .
If we understand better in armed groups , we will understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but it will not give us peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need to fill out that safety of security , to fill out that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a <unk> , as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I was like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called the bad feminist , and then on the interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women , anger with men and hated sex . Like that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that was using people at the point that might be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo , nasty word .
I was like a woman who does n't follow the rules , which he asks too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were doing the same paycheck for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free harassment or violence .
We have a right to use easy , accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without the need for legislative controls or breeding doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to see our other identities .
We are not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , sexuality and sexuality , and much more .
We have to see these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I listen to rap music , you 'll get to all volume .
Although the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt vs. '' by the yin yang yang is amazing .
`` Do it happen with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> , until the shell hurts ! ''
Think about it .
Let 's write poetry , right ?
I 'm totally mortified by my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> , and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic comedies , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that make it happen .
Some of my crimes are more nuanced .
If a woman wants to take the last name of her husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who I was to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is influencing so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
And we would promote the conventional feminism that has ignored or blinded historically the needs of color women , workers , gay and transgendered , for white women , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I am a very bad feminist .
The next thing happens : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to face perfection .
When we were <unk> , we take them very taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster -- I 've already considered to make it off of that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , in fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be realistic expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess of Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist who had a <unk> .
In the Video Music <unk> in 2014 , MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' three meters tall .
It was an amazing show , to see this pop star embracing openly the feminism , and to know women and young men that will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> time , cultural critics began endless debates if they were <unk> , not just a feminist .
He lived his feminism , instead of just believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
Being perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot of , we need to do so badly .
Let 's go far beyond the sane criticism and constructive , to embrace the feminism of any woman , to wreck until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our imperfections to account for account , to move to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I listen to demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will change their way to talk about women in their songs until they celebrate change effectively affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does their music have to be so energized ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two wonderful , determined , brilliant girls , and also very brave .
They 're going to be appreciated by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option goes into a much easier thing to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radius of radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies are not treated women than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports professionals where athletes treat their fellow as a boxing sock .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't include enough women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited them to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also invite ourselves to be even as much as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to decisions .
Since we 're not groupers <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can committing these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to be the top , the people in the power of directors and the music and the music , CEOs , CEOs , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting , meaningful change .
We can also confidently claim our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book , `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , especially , because my voice was stolen me , and feminism was helped me to <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to cope with what happened .
A few kids came to me when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I took my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a louder version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me , and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the writing of feminism , I also found that if I was a little courageous , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the way the world tries to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope we all can be a little courageous , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had been measles , or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border of Canada , infecting a more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland Disneyland had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that broke the controversial thing about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe the majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause vaccines cause autism ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents all over the world are still letting vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of it believed to develop all his professional lives without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like expanded diagnostic criteria and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growth figures .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates a lot of the fears of a young mother looking at his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why was the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and cautious progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health care .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> published an article that described 11 young young patients who described 11 young people who looked at private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun could have fun for hours by waving hands in front of his faces , but they were prey to panic as when they did n't put his favorite toy in his standard , without knowing them .
Over the base of treated treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they pick up references from places such a distant way of South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the <unk> criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that the epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become nine of 10 children sent out of other doctors to their office by being autistic , without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
They took autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and <unk> parents .
These kids , he said , they 've kept it very carefully in a refrigerator that did n't afford .
At the same time , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they put together in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like the kids were simply regurgitating out what they had heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions to their own well , making them invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers were pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like no support , no support services , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service that became more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague , Judith Gould decided to do something that I should have done 30 years before .
They ran a study of prevalence in autism in the general population .
We had a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw clearly clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , while others were becoming a fascination with the astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , beautiful paintings , like Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did anyone ever realized these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper published in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article about competition , but I avoided <unk> to his own work .
There was not even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was running an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's ideas for children of learning were even deployed for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music exercises , and children kept their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability , which required compassionate forms of support and spaces in the course of all life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he got to help help develop education methods that were especially suitable for them .
And basically , Asperger 's seen autism as a continuum diverse that includes an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in archetypes known earlier culture as the awkward social scientist and the distracted professor .
He was even beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that he was wrong when autism was <unk> , so the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis , which also reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
At the end of the '80s , and the early '90s , their changes were brought into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive Asperger .
These changes did n't fell in broken up .
I lived in , when <unk> and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he went out of `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance of 12:00 Hoffman , like Raymond <unk> and the Rain Man with four awards in the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection to that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network , a perfect storm for autism .
The number of diagnostics started off up , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , making people with autism and their families finally trained the support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise of diagnostics , a simple , powerful story , and seductive history credible as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the heart prevention that one of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , it 's correct , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have been joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily educated , social obsessionally , and it suffers from a attention deficit in detail .
Indeed , autistic people have a hard time to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting Asperger , that I believed that the `` cure '' for the more autism aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers , employers who have ability , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the boat of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
